Information about Aladdin_s Eatery Squirrel Hill{"businesses": [{"id": "klls1rEfABAUtO8J0YXSGQ", "alias": "aladdins-eatery-pittsburgh-squirrel-hill-pittsburgh-2", "name": "Aladdin's Eatery - Pittsburgh-Squirrel Hill", "image_url": "https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/OEm-SXnfmCMB7aMP_qqI9A/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/aladdins-eatery-pittsburgh-squirrel-hill-pittsburgh-2?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 237, "categories": [{"alias": "mideastern", "title": "Middle Eastern"}, {"alias": "mediterranean", "title": "Mediterranean"}, {"alias": "vegetarian", "title": "Vegetarian"}], "rating": 4.0, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.43777, "longitude": -79.91989}, "transactions": ["pickup", "delivery"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "5878 Forbes Ave", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15217", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["5878 Forbes Ave", "Pittsburgh, PA 15217"]}, "phone": "+14124215100", "display_phone": "(412) 421-5100", "distance": 3458.029827981707}], "total": 1, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Chicken Salad,Flavor Savor Special,Aladdin's Chicken Pitza,Mediterranean Lamb Plate,Chicken Shawarma Rolled,Falafel Salad,Chicken Sambusek,Grilled Chicken Tenders,Beef Shawarma Rolled,Chili,Hummus Falafel Rolled,Greek Pitza,Fattoush,Tiramisu,Aladdin's Favorite Combo,Baba Gannouj,Chicken Mishwi Salad,Farrouk's Falafel Pitza,
[{'review_text': "Got takeout from Aladdin's recently and WOW are their salads good! If you don't like salad because you don't like soggy boring lettuce, you'll be all set here. There were so many delicious toppings, and so much of them that I still had quinoa and cranberries at the end!The restaurant is very elegant. The cakes are only so-so. But do yourself a favor and get the Cranberry Walnut Salad -- and some fresh pitas too!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The service here is always superior, I've never had kinder or more attentive waiters! I believe I got the Aladdin's special platter. The beef was a little hard to chew for me and the kebab was a little salty. However the chicken was very soft and juicy! I didn't particularly like the salad dressing because it was a little too sour for my tastes. What really stood out to me was the rice, it was seasoned so well, I could've ate a whole plate of just the rice!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have been meaning to try this place for a while and I'm excited that I finally got the chance to! I saw the table next to me order these HUGE salads and I had to have one. It was sweet and crisp with good flavor balance. The salad was ginormous and they had so many to choose from. Next time, I will come with a larger appetite and order one of their specialty meat platters. We also got the tiramisu which was delicious. I always admire Aladdin's dessert case at the front of the restaurant when I walk by so I am glad I finally got to try one.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great Mediterranean restaurant with lots of healthy and vegan/veggie options. Indoor seating is nice but outdoor is better :). Their appetizers are pretty cheap and always makes it a great option to start with hummus and some vegetables. Food never takes long and waiters are kind and attentive. Best part of this place is the desserts which you can see on display!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food is consistently fantastic. One of my favorite places to enjoy a meal. Service is always prompt and most of the servers have been very friendly.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The tabouli is SO fresh and the pitas are very light. Great drink selection . And the chicken curry pitza was great. Would recommend if you are looking for something different.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great authentic Mediterranean foodI had the lentil soup which was vegan, the falafel, and the jasmine riceEverything extremely flavorful and freshThis will definitely be a go to the next time I'm in Pittsburgh.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If you're in the Squirrel Hill area and are craving some Mediterranean food, Aladdin's Eatery is the place to go! We went here to celebrate our academic success last semester, and had a wonderful time! We started with the baba Ghannooj, which was super good and definitely one of the better ones we've had in pittsburgh. I got the flavor savor special, which came with some different meats and kebabs on top of a bed of rice , a falafel, their famous hummus and a side salad! Everything on the plate was so good, and everyone was raving about the rice! I dont know how, but it was absolutely perfect! My girlfriend got the Mediterranean lamb plate, which came with some nice pieces of lamb aside a bed of rice! She ate every last bit of it, which means it was phenomenal! Our friends got the Pitza (a pita pizza) which was topped with peppers and chicken, and it was very good as well! My friend got the rolled shish kebab, which was on the cheaper side, but definitely didn't fill him up! I highly recommend coming here, as everything we ate was amazing!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We ordered two entree salads, each with a different type of chicken. Both of our chickens were seasoned well but horribly overcooked. The dressings were tasty, but the salads each contained (besides the spring mix and onions) only three cucumber slides and 3 olives. Cheap. Ungenerous. Poorly executed. We will never eat there again.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The best Mediterranean food I've found in the city so far! Ordered a bunch of vegetarian/ vegan entrees to test out all our favorites. The care they put into their food stands out-- while I love a cheap, late-night drunken gyro, Aladdin's is so fresh and delicious that you will want to enjoy it mindfully.  The hummus falafel wrap is large and flavorful, the baklava is the best I've ever had, and the vegetarian sampler is enough food to last 2-3 meals. This will be my go-to Mediterranean restaurant from here on out!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'An old stalwart of a Pittsburgh gone by, the food is reliable and pretty good. Not mind-blowing (and not Pitaland), but solid, despite being something of a chain/franchise. It\'s not the most special restaurant on the block, but it is absolutely solid food for what it is.Cold appetizers: the grape leaves are unusually good in that they\'re not too briney. Baba ganoush is ok.Lentil soup and chili are both what they should be, and being able to get a mix is nice. Spinach fatayer was not really a "proper" fatayer, in that they rebake a pita rather than making fresh dough from scratch, but the spinach filling was richly flavorful enough, and soaked well enough into the pita, that it almost worked out.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is a gem and I feel so much better after eating here. Definitely my go to for when my body needs healthy food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'coworker ordered me a hummus salad in a rolled up pitatimely delivery to our place of workhuge sandwich well wrapped in foil it was still warmdelish hummus with just the right amount of salad veggies it really hit the spot on this cold evening price was right at 7.85', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I hate leaving less than stellar reviews but the food was honestly kind of bland. I didn't get much flavor from either dish I tried - chicken curry wrap and the jasmine platter. The salad dressing I got was too lemony. They also only had the owner and one waitress running around so service was crazy slow. I felt bad for them but they definitely should have more staff.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I wouldn't go here again even if you pay for it. I don't have much to say. Food was below average. I tried the fatayer, vegetarian platter and the Greek pitza. Except the crispy falafel and the creamy hummus, the rest of platter was inedible. The veggie fatayer with spinach and feta was insipid. The pitza tasted somewhat better than the other dishes. If you eat meat then it maybe worth trying the shawarma and kebabs but vegetarians have not much choice here.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Friendly fast service and great Mediterranean food. Baba ganoush was  particularly on point, plenty smoky flavor. Good hummus too. Really enjoyed the falafel pizza.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of my favorite healthy places to order lunch from! Favorite items: - Falafel: delicious, well-seasoned and one of my go-to vegetarian dishes. Trust me when I say it's good, I've lived in the Middle East before and have had plenty of falafel in my life.  - Baba ghanoush: it tastes homemade but I mean in the best possible way. It's healthy so less-to-no guilt when enjoying it. - Garlic sauce: it's rare that I mention a sauce as one of the more delicious items on the menu but seriously this condiment makes everything taste even better.- Hot sauce: there's a reason there's a small extra fee for this sauce on their menu (the take out menu at least). It's so good, not overly spicy, a bit creamy and is a fantastic addition to pretty much anything. Will I be re-ordering these items (and try new ones) from Aladdin's? Abso-freaking-lutely.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We had a family dinner at Aladdin's in Squirrel Hill last night and I had Aladdin Favorite Combo that has Beef Kafta, Shish Kabob, and Shish Tawook. I was extremely displeased. The meet was well flavored. But, it was sooooo tough it was basically uneatable! We were guests of our friends. So, I didn't want to embarrass them and I didn't complain. No one in the group raved about the food. So, I assume they had the same complaint. It is easy to tenderize meat. You either slow roast it or you sous vide it. Even cheap cuts can be extremely tender. Did they get some camel butt instead of chicken, lamb, or beef???The restaurant is very clean and the staff was great. But, the chef needs to be  talked to. I will never return to this place!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great menu. Don't dine in. way understaffed. Food took forever. when it came it was very cold. waitress barely came by. it's way understaffed! not waitresses fault. when we said something they told us they have too many Uber eats orders. why give preference to take out? why keep sitting people you can't serve? poorly run. tried to give us a small free dessert. We declined dessert on the house.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Chain restaurant with solid but unspectacular middle eastern cuisine at average prices. They do have a very large menu, many healthy options, along with vegan and gluten free items, so everyone will find something to enjoy. The Squirrel Hill location is very central on Forbes Ave. I've been there a few times and it's not usually too crowded.I mentioned the menu is healthy and the salads reflect that. My father in law got a very large entree salad that was loaded with greens, chicken, pine nuts, cranberries, feta, and more.I also mentioned that the food is solid but unspectacular and the baba ganoush and pita reflects that. The baba was a bit bland and the pita was clearly from a plastic bag/grocery store style, served at room temp.They offer many combo platters with a mix of meats. My mother in law got the beef kibbie which was spiced/savory/breaded beef pieces with a nice bed of salad greens. I got one of the mixed combos which came with two types of beef (ground and steak), chicken, lots of rice, and a bed of greens. These platters are good options if you are hungry. Everything tasted good but again nothing special as far as middle eastern food goes.They do have a great looking dessert cooler, although we weren't in the mood that night.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The spot for delicious and health-conscious Mediterranean food. Order for delivery or take out for covid! We ordered the mujadara salad, the power salad, baba ghanoush, and foole m damas.Everything was really tasty. The foole m damas is basically fava bean hummus. the baba was on point. and the salads were so deliciously filling, and savory and protein filled to the point of not even knowing I was eating a salad, which is a big plus.I HIGHLY recommend the mujadara salad. It had bits of dried onions, hummus, mujadara lentil mix, and salad greens which you mix all up and feast upon. My mouth is watering describing it.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place serves Middle Eastern food for those who don't know what that food is supposed to taste like, or those who will accept anything.  Food was bland, sloppily prepared -- no care shown.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great food. I honestly go to this restaurant as often as I can. The salads are fresh & the hummus is creamy. If you like lamb Aladdin's is delicious. This is a my daughter & mine favorite restaurant for lunch, dinner & takeout. She loves the roasted cauliflower wrap for a quick to go lunch. I prefer the Aladdin's plate, lamb or beef with rice & a salad. Definitely give this place a try.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good food that is fresh and relatively healthy with service that is somewhat spotty. Aladdin's is one of our favorite takeout spots in Squirrel Hill. The food is fresh and tasty with portions that are huge. I am a fan of their plates and pitzas, but I also love the salad options. But to me Aladdin's really shines in appetizers. Our standard is the humus - a massive portion that filling and delicious (there is a small hint of lemon that makes the whole thing feel really bright and satisfying). But we also love the falafel and the loubie bzeit. My only complaint is that whenever we eat in, the service is often spotty. Sometimes service is outstanding, while other times it seems as though our server forgets about us. My recommendation: order takeout (particularly if you have a tighter schedule).", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Second time coming here. This time I brought two friends. Top notch food. The beef from this dish was so dang good I had to stop mid bite to figure out the flavor complexity I was experiencing.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I tried this place for the 1st time today. I must say I am completely blown away and impressed. Not only is the food absolutely delicious, as you can see my take out portions were gigantic! Aside from the food, one thing that really blew me away was the staff.. The lady that waited on me me went above and beyond. She was friendly, upbeat, and did the best job at suggesting things when I was having trouble figuring out what I wanted. She was so helpful and kind. They all were!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Completely messed up my online order. Turkey was like rubber. I frequent Aladdin's but will no longer be going to this location.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food was delicious and very reasonably priced. I'll certainly be going back before I leave Pittsburgh as well as recommending it to anyone in the area.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was really excited to try this place because of all the vegetarian options they have! We came here on a Saturday night. There were quite a few bugs, mosquitos outside in mid-Sept. We got the cauliflower app which was good but needed a lot more of the dressing, it was quite dry. We also got the hummus falafel rolled pita which wasn't anything special. In fact the falafel tasted uncooked - I could taste the flour. My friend got the Genie's combo plate - who noted the chicken was tender and they gave lots of hummus but everything lacked flavor. The desserts looked absolutely delicious so if I went back I'd go for that!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Both Squirrel Hill and Water Works restaurants are excellent in terms of great customer service and healthy menu. I'm love their Kibbes and Fresh Juice with veggies and fruits. It's so delicious and makes me feel vigorous. In Squirrel they have a good Wine and Beer menu.It's a casual restaurant which makes me feel very comfortable when I don't feels like to dress up. Their staffs always were very friendly and attentive. That's why I think they deserve 5 stars.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Not sure why, but the taste is just not like it used to be. We would go there almost weekly. During the Pandemic, we opted to order take out. The order wasn't right (we called and they made it right, by sending a gift card-THANK YOU), but that happens from time-to-time. (our order was 3 salads and an order of hummus.) However, the hummus had no flavor at all. We tried to add spices of our own, but it didn't help. The salad dressing didn't really have the same flavor it used to. Disappointed, but not giving up. Will try it again some day soon.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love Alladin's. This was my first time at this location but I have eaten at four others. Most frequently I go to the one in Fox Chapel. I will probably continue to go there even though it is a little farther from my home.There was a line when we walked in of people waiting for tables and picking up takeout. We were seated fairly quickly. I must say it was cold inside the restaurant, especially considering we were having a warmer day for us. I was shivering.The vegetarian combo is a favorite and we frequently order it. It comes with hummus, baba ganoush, grape leaves, tabouli and falafel. The falafel was a bit darker and drier than usual. It comes with tahini sauce to dip it in. I always ask for hot sauce and mix the two. We decided to try the fattoush salad for something different. My main complaint about this was it was literally swimming in dressing. There was a giant puddle in the bottom of the bowl when we were done. The taste was okay, though not the best fattoush I have had. It was messy to eat without dressing dripping everywhere.We had a gift card to use. They do not allow you to put the tip on the gift card. I know some restaurants don't but our waitress did not tell us. We had to ask the hostess to confirm. Service was lacking and not particularly friendly.Overall I found the food and service both to be better at other locations. I probably won't return to this particular location. However as a chain I definitely recommend Alladin's.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We love Aladdin's. Delicious Middle Eastern food, inexpensive, good portions, healthy food, and the flavors are excellent.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My one year old daughter ate half of my meal because she loved it to much. I got the lamb with rice and it was delicious, husband got a pita and it's was excellent too. Food was hot and seasoned to perfection. Reasonably priced. Will order from here again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We came here based off of a recommendation for their hummus. As my fiancé is Israeli, we have been looking for a Mediterranean restaurant in Pittsburgh. We ordered the hummus appetizer, Baba Gannouj, beef Shawarma rolled pita, and the favor savor special. The hummus and baba gannouj were both excellent. I personally liked the hummus better but that's my preference. The pita these appetizers came with however was not very good. It tasted like store bought pita, definitely not made in house and also not warmed. This was a bummer because the appetizers themselves were great. I would recommend these and would order them again. I was not impressed with the beef Shawarma rolled pita. The pita bread was very crispy, almost burnt. The beef was great but they could have been more generous with the amount of beef. I wasn't a huge fan of the turnips and pickles the rolled pita came with. Overall, would not order this meal again. The flavor savor was pretty good. My fiancé thought the meat was a bit overcooked but still had great flavor, the salad and rice with it was delicious. Would order this meal again. They also have a huge selection of cakes which we did not try as we were pretty full. They all looked delicious though. We would come back to this restaurant and try a couple other dishes, but would probably try some other restaurants in the area first.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Not good at all. The humus plate with chicken is bad. Not worth the 11$. Very little tomatoes. I might be biased because I am used to getting terrific Lebanese food. I would not recommend and I don't plan to come back. Too bad. When the waitress came, she asked if everything was fine. I said no, the bread was old, after taste in the humus, and she said nothing then brought the bill. I left more than half my plate. Having worked in the restaurant industry normally people ask you if you would like something else. I would have declined because my goal is not to have a free meal but the fact they didn't even offer speaks volume. Save your money and go to another place. Two stars because I got my food fast.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Solid low-key squirrel dining spot. Everything on their (quite long) menu looks delicious! I like how they mark what is vegetarian. We ended up starting with the Dawali (grape leaves). The large came with 6 pieces, topped with crumbs of feta cheeseI had the "falafel pitza", which was a flat pita topped with banana peppers, tomato, and of course falafel. I love how the pita was toasted so that it was a little crunch, and the falafel was delicious, soft on the inside and crispy on the outsideThe only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because they charge extra for hot sauce!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I enjoyed eating here during undergrad and recently went back and felt that they have gotten even better over the years. There are several excellent Mediterranean-style food options, and for the cake fan, soo many delicious kinds of cake displayed temptingly in glass cases right when you walk in (the German chocolate cake is my favorite).What especially stood out to me the last time I went was their attention to health and wellness and attentive service overall. It is great to see restaurants that emphasize health/wellness without compromising on taste and still being reasonable with prices. Definitely recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I loved this place! I went 2 days in a row. Convenient regarding parking and surrounded by so many other shops. The food is affordable, delicious and the decor is super cute! It's a little cold but eh it's worth it. The staff are professional & accommodating. It's a new fave for sure!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The first time we ate here was at the location on Freeport Road and we had an amazing server.  She was a seasoned server, but new to Aladdin.  She totally went above and beyond and out of her way.  Since then, I've been getting to-go orders from the Squirrel Hill location.  They're not quite as friendly as the Freeport Road location, but still not bad.  Overall, the food is quite good. The reason I keep coming back is the baba ghanouj. I love it, it's my favorite, anywhere, ever.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "DO NOT get take out or delivery. The food is quite good, but the management could care less if your order is wrong. I've had multiple issues with takeout and delivery where they've argued with me about incorrect orders. Tonight I get to go without dinner because I was told they were too busy and couldn't check the ticket to make sure the correct food was put in the bag.GrubHub is useless when it comes to getting your correct food redelivered. After some effort you can get a refund, but you can't actually get the correct food redelivered.There are many Aladdin's around the Pittsburgh area so perhaps the customer service is better at another one.Whatever you do CHECK YOUR ORDERS and pick up in person.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'm a huge fan of the Aladdin's Eatery chain and this location in particular. The staff is always professional and friendly, and the space is quite nice. I've eaten there over ten times now, so I feel confident whenever I recommend this place to a friend or bring someone new there. My favorite items are the lentil soup topped with chicken and the Vegetarian Sampler. The soup makes a light but complete meal, and it's very reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. On the larger side, the Vegetarian Sampler is composed of several of their vegan appetizer dips, stuffed grape leaves, four pieces of falafel, and several pieces of pita bread on the side. It takes me back to being in the Middle East every time I eat it! All of the rolled pitas (Aladdin's version of a wrap) are a sure bet as well. Each one I've had is delicious. Besides the food, there is a decent beer selection and a wonderful juice and smoothie menu. It's the perfect accompaniment to your meal. With food and service this great I know I'll continue eating at Aladdin's as long as I'm living in Pittsburgh. I'm happy it's an institution here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Do not eat here , unless you wanted to be treated unfairly.  I walked in asked for a meal then was served in a to-go bag as though I was not welcomed.  Then I sat in, to attempt to enjoy my meal when absolutely no one stopped to check in or offer a glass of water for their mistake of bagging up my order when I clearly stated I'll be dining -in.  I will not return to this establishment or recommend it to anyone.  They are rude and very much assumptive of your appearance.  Not cool.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Usually I love Aladdin for its fresh healthy food. Last night my sandwich was a mess that just fell apart. Their lamb sandwich that cost almost $16 had 2 small bites of lamb a couple of pickles and a couple of big pieces of onion. I was too hungry and tired drive back after getting home, but I think I'll have to stop ordering from Aladdin for a while.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have been to Aladdin's a few times and have always have the same enjoyable experience. It is a good place to get middle eastern food in the squirrel hill area. The place is usually not too crowded, so getting a table should be easy enough to do. The ambiance is casual and the waitstaff is nice. Good place to bring kids. I generally start with hummus and it is quite good. The only bad thing about it is the pita is not freshly made throughout the day, but rather store bought and warmed up. Hummus with a freshly made pita is amazing and wish it was available. The mains are quite good with sizable portions. The drink menu is a bit limited for alcohol, but they should have enough for everyone to find something they like. I will definitely be back to Aladdin's.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Reliably tasty, ample portions, fast, dinner was still warm, grilled chicken was excellent, salad was fresh. Great weeknight dinner!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My good friend is going to move soon for school and we decided to get a group together and go for some dinner. Aladdin's was a central place so we all met up there. LET ME TELL YOU IT WAS WINE WEDNESDAY!!!! What a great day to come! $5 glasses of wine and $2 beers! It was amazing. We started off with appetizers and then didn't stop for a long time. Appetizers:Hummus: A creamy blend of chickpeas puréed with tahini and lemon juice, drizzled with extra virgin olive oil: Yummy! AND Yelp gave me a coupon for a free small order. Let me tell you, that small order was great. I love the creamy texture. Yum. I sometimes think that it could be better but I do not know what I would pick out as missing. Baba Gannouj: Fire-roasted eggplant puréed with tahini, fresh garlic, and lemon juice, drizzled with extra virgin olive oil: This is my jam. I love eggplant. And I love that it comes with a side of spicy sauce that you can mix in or just keep on the side. We destroyed this small plate. There was a bit of the hummus left over but none of this. Tasted very fire roasted and smokey. Yummy. Loubie Bzeit vgn: Italian green beans sautéed with onions, whole cloves of garlic, fresh tomatoes, and extra virgin olive oil: Our group of friends has a little joke about loubie since one of us thought it was pronounced loogie (like spit). I thought the dish was good, but not the best version I have tried. I think it was because of the bean choices. I like rounder beans and these ones were the flat ones and there were not enough tomatoes in the dish. But I would still get it again because even if was slightly lacking it was still good. Salad Entrees:Chicken Mishwi Salad: Fire-grilled marinated chicken thigh over greens, sliced tomatoes and cucumbers, calamata olives, scallions, and feta. Choice of dressing: We ordered this because we needed some fresh veggies. It was a salad. Not anything out of this world but it was good. Pita Pizzas:Ali Baba Pitza: Baba Gannouj topped with roasted eggplant, sliced tomatoes, feta, slivered calamata olives, and a sprinkle of oregano: This was my jam. I love the idea of using the pita bread as a pizza shell. This was a really good pizza BUT I will say we used that spicy sauce to sprinkle a bit on the top. It had a good flavor but no zing to it. I thought the addition made it perfect. Sultan's Shawarma Pitza: Tahini Yogurt dressing topped with shawarma meat, onions, sliced tomatoes, diced cucumbers, and flakes of sweet basil: Oh yes. It was basically a gyro on a pizza. YUMMY. I would get this again for sure. I could not believe how much meat was on this pizza! It was over flowing with goodness. I do wish they had more cucumbers and less meat but then again I might be disappointed with less meat!!It was a great night with great service and food. I cannot wait to go back on another wine Wednesday!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'SOOOO good. Super affordable and really nice waitress. I got the Hummus Tabouli Garden Rolled Pita. I also shared the hummus and pita with a friend. Definitely want to go back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ate the best tiramisu ever, and still can't believe it! We only ordered coffee and cake, (unplanned), ordered the 3-layer chocolate cake and tiramisu with regular and decaf coffee. The decaf was freshly brewed and served with the pot (so refill was free) the cakes were fresh and delish. I usually don't go for heavy cream stuff but this tiramisu was worth it! They also had couple of cheesecakes, carrot cake, chocolate cake with browny, with Oreo, especially they had baghlava cheesecake, this is my next time order!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is my favorite middle eastern restaurant, hands down. They have amazing rolled pitas - I can vouch for the Aladdin's lamb one and the chicken shawarma one. Their collection of authentic desserts is also great! I have also tried their chicken salad in the past, which was delicious!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Aladdin\'s is a staple of the Squirrel Hill restaurant scene. It is moderately priced and accommodates of a wide range of dietary restrictions-- including but not restricted to vegan, keto, paleo, and gluten-free diets. Usually when I am courting a new restaurant I\'ll shop around the menu for my first couple visits and then settle on one dish that will be my "go to" for future visits. I\'ve been going to Aladdin\'s since I was 19 years old and I have yet to finish shopping around this menu. It boasts wraps, pita pizzas, salads, soups, and spreads. I try something new every other time I visit and I\'m never disappointed. I would highly suggest getting a plate of hummus for the table because the smooth whip compliments just about everything. If you\'re a vegan looking for a very filling meal that wont break your wallet then you absolutely need to try the Mujadara Power Salad-- a hearty plant based dish that will make your head roll. I\'m a big fan of dining in at Aladdin\'s. The high ceiling decor is simple as well as comfortable. They also offer a nice outdoor seating area during the summer months which is stationed adjacent to the sidewalk. This little patio is a great way to run into familiar Squirrel Hill friends on a sunny afternoon. This all being said, Aladdin\'s is also a great take out option because food packages and transports easily without compromising the presentation. This past Sunday I stopped in on a whim to grab an order of hummus & pita. The place was crowded with a dinner rush, but it still only took them about five minutes to complete my (simple) order.  Very happy to suggest one of my favorite restaurants to anyone that might be reading this. The menu is vibrant and accessible. It\'s a great place for dates or catching up with friends. I\'m sure you\'ll have a great time :)', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "2nd time I've ordered from here and I am still satisfied with their food.  2nd time around I got the Side of Kafta, Falafel and Lebonese Salata. Was my first time having Kafta and I'm a huge fan now. Whatever they mix in with the meat is pure heaven! Falafel was good as usual and the Salata was fresh and crunchy.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'One of the most healthy and inexpensive restaurants for eat in or take out. Amazing deserts. Fresh ingredients. Wish there was one in downtown!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "For what you pay: fair prices. Ambiance: Nicer on the inside than the outside.  Shopping strip facade.Service: GoodTaste: greatSo, I have been coming to Aladdin's for a while with my in-laws.  It's about time I write a fair review. If you're looking for a magic carpet ride, or a genie in a bottle, maybe your food experience here will be commensurate.  I have had the shwarma and pizza in the past and can vouch for its deliciousness.  It is savory and quite a munificent portion.  As a new vegan, my delight brimmed as I finished reading through their large vegetarian menu.  Many things can then be modified for vegans.  I recommend the falafel wrap and jasmine's favorite rice.  The wrap is one of the biggest falafel wraps I have ever eaten and the rice is a great side with it if you're hungry - otherwise, it is a separate entree!  Great place for a quick bite to eat! Parking in the shopping strip.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is probably one of our favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. The food is always delicious and the staff is fantastic. We have been coming here since we moved to Pittsburgh and will really miss it when we move. A huge thank you to the always kind and supportive manager who has made this location so kid friendly!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered Aladdin's Favorite Combo.Beef Kafta and Shish Kabob were fantastic in their flavor.Shish Tawook (Chicken) was okay -- flavor was lacking a little bit, and it was a little dry. However, the meat portions were small. Rice and salad were as expected. Overall 3/5 -- tasty, but not worth the price given the portions.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came on a quiet night during the holidays and was pleasantly surprised by the food and prices. We got the large humus appetizer which met expectations. For my entree, I got the curry chicken pitza which was sweeter than expected and was reminicent of Chick-fil-A sauce tanginess. The only thing that was a disappointment was the hot tell which was nothing more than a tea bag and a personal small hot water kettle. Service was average and prices were cheap.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Aladdin's in Squirrel Hill is always delicious and they have a great staff.  Great food at a good price, with excellent service.  Check it out!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Friendly, attentive, staff with a huge and diverse menu. If you have any allergies or restrictive diets you will still be able to find something delicious here. I ordered the Lebanese white wine and the flavor savor special. Both amazing. If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh I will make sure I come back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I think this place is a decent option for those that want to explore healthier options for eating out. They have a variety of salads, wraps, "pizzas" (on pita), and grilled meats.Their hummus is unbelievably creamy, but the accompanying pita was cold, seemingly from a commercial producer and not made in-house. The meats were a little dry, and felt that I could use a bit more seasoning.There is a decent amount of seating inside the restaurant and the servers are nice.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Best Mediterranean food you can find in Pittsburgh. Hands down. Good food. Good prices. Decent portions. Fresh. Timely. Satisfying.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My wife and I have been regular diners at Aladdin's for several months now - lunch, dinner, mid-afternoon snack ... every meal is a delight, service is impeccable, food is always just the way we like our Middle Eastern cuisine. Friends we've brought have found it wonderful as well!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Aladdin's is by far some of the best Mediterranean food I've had in Pittsburgh. I have been to the Mt. Lebo location a couple of times and the service is actually better than this location. I usually get the baba and tabouleh, because you can't go wrong. I had the Greek pitza yesterday as well and it was very tasty, however, there was waaay too much feta on it. Every bite was feta and not enough veggies. Still a favorite and will keep coming back here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I used to love Aladdin's. I went there a few times and the food was always good. However last night I ordered a falafel and woke up today with awful food poisoning. Enough said.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love Aladdins in Sq. Hill for two reasons: the food and the staff. The food at aladdin's is amazing- delicious and healthy.  The wait staff is always helpful and enthusiastic- especially Eva and Rachel. Start with a fresh fruit smoothie- made to order and always awesome. The flavor savor special is a great deal. The Greek chicken salad, the mujadara plate, and the curry chicken rolled are all delicious and worth getting. Don't forget hummus with the hot sauce- so good. Also the house made garlic sauce is off the chain delicious! Desserts at Aladdins are also great- the Burma baklava is awesome BUT if they have carrot cake- get a piece- you'll thank me.The management at Aladdins is also worthy of praise- Shireen has a keen attention to detail and is very compassionate both with guests and her servers. Thanks for all the great meals!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A bit salty to my taste, but not enough to lower to 4 stars, especially with excellent service, nice ambience, and still very delicious.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Beef shwarma, hummus garden wrap and chicken pita pizza was all devoured and enjoyed.  Excellent service and nice place to have lunch.  The only recommendation I might have, coming from an area of the country that has hundreds of Mediterranean restaurants, would be to serve some hummus with the pitas.  Serving a basket of plain pitaas and no dip is like being serv d chips without salsa.We will be back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A good place for vegetarians to get a solid meal. The falafel is flavorful and fresh.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I Love Mediterranean food so I seen this on Postmates and thought I'd give it a try. Ordered the flavor special opened up the packaging. And my order was all mixed together the hummus was all through it Wasn't very appetizing.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Not bad, just not great, either.I ordered the Tabouli Pocket, which was advertised on the menu as a pita filled with tabouli.  I wish they had had a photo because what I got was not what I envisioned.  My appetitie was light at dinner time as I had a large lunch so thought it would be a simple pita filled with tabouli.  It was a HUGE, GIGANTIC pita (never seen anything like it) filled with tabouli with lettuce underneath.  Not something you pick up and eat.  So I proceeded to eat with a fork.  The tabouli itself -- I've had others I liked better.  Anyway, I'll try again another time.  The menu options are plenty and the prices reasonable.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very very good food at cheap prices!Has good ambience, excellent service and a good selection of dishes too!I'm a sucker for all their dishes with the Dijon mustard, it adds a whole new taste to their food!!While the pizza-on-pita is good, they're a letdown as compared to some of the other dishes they serve.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We had a terrible experience ordering dinners online.  We ordered mid-afternoon for an early evening pick-up and paid online in order to limit time spent in the restaurant.  When I arrived at the requested time to pick up our order, it was clear they had not even looked at it.  I ended up waiting 25 minutes for them to prepare the order.  Not only were they less than apologetic, but they handed me a pitza order in a bag, with the pitza box on its side so when we got home the order was just a gloppy mess.  A total failure for online ordering.  Try elsewhere.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Hummus chicken plate and a honeymooner! After a funfilled Gluttonous, and overindulging weekend of Nachos, Mac n\' Cheese, Martinis and hot dogs I needed a break! The best thing about Aladdin\'s is that it\'s not like I have to compromise on taste and turn into a cow chewing some cud. This place has delicious AND healthy selections! When HB asked me to dine I said "Only if we can eat at Aladdin\'s my gut needs a hiatus from the unhealthy choices I made all weekend." I have been doing the awesome onesome for quick lunches here for Years!These are my favorites!The fresh squeezed natural Juices! You can do fruit smoothies or Raw juice combos! I don\'t drink coffee I opt for Raw Juices, some people get their caffeine fix to give them a boost. I\'m already way too hyper so I get my energy kick from the Honeymooner! Carrot, Grape, and Cucumber Juices. I ask for it light on Carrot with an overdose of Cucumber.For a soupy choice try the Len-Chili, half veggie chili and lentil soup. If you are partial to paring add the Almond salad. Fresh mixed greens, mushrooms, cucumbers, sprouts, roasted almonds! The dressing is also AMAZING, light and yogurty. It has a fantastic flavor.If in the mood for something a little heavier try the Jaffar\'s Pitza. It\'s really good. Veggie chili topped with cheddar cheese and tahini yogurt dressing.For an Entree hummus is plentiful in the hummus chicken plate, Chicken Mishwi, diced tomato, and parsley. Pita on the side. The chicken is always moist, slighty charred, and smokey but with the bean spread and fresh tomato mix on a pita I feel good about what I am consuming. Everything is always verdant! Watch Out for the desserts. On my way out I always cover my eyes because the gourmet cakes start pounding on the display case doors asking for a ride to my fridge.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Apparently they used to wheel Aladdin round in a cart, and he\'d say can I have one of these, one of these, and one of these for dinner, and point at everything he saw. That\'s where the expression "Ala Cart" came from. ;)Good middle eastern food in Pittsburgh - two locations - nom nom nom.Well this is pretty delicious, excllent Kofte Kebab.They\'re pretty cheap, which is good, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. I\'ll have to try some other things, but Kofte is my go to dish and they make a good one, not the best I\'ve ever had but good. Bear in mind there is also one of these in Squirrel Hill, and others in nearby towns (I think there are one or two in Ohio too). But as for their food, I\'m impressed, now leave me alone and let me think of the names of at least 35 of Ali Baba\'s 40 thieves.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of my favorite places to eat near CMU campus. Highly recommend the Rolled Pitas. The ones I had are the Hummus Falafel, Aladdin's Kabob, Beef Shawarma, and Beef Kafta Rolled. They were all delicious. The rolls come with pickled turnips and greens which gives it a nice sour crunch. I also recommend the Flavor Savor Special. The plate is large and you can get a taste of a variety of things they offer in their rolls. Their smoothies also taste great, although a little small and expensive.As for desserts, the only thing I tried were the boxed cookies they sell near the register. The pistachio ones are heaven. They're great to buy as a present for a friend :)Overall love this place. Friendly staff, great food and atmosphere.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I haven\'t been to the Med Grill yet, so I can\'t compare, but I\'m really happy with the food at Aladdin\'s.  The portions are good and the prices are reasonable even for a poor grad student like myself (though I will "splurge" on one of the juices and appetizers if someone\'s treating me to the meal).  The falafel here is excellent--crispy on the outside, but moist on the inside.  I also enjoy the pickled veggies they add to the rolled pitas.  My brother, who absolutely hates getting his hands dirty/sticky while eating, thought they did a good job rolling the pitas here--no spills.  I like that they serve the dolmas and the foole m damas warm here.  My one quibble is that the pita bread that comes in a basket with the appetizers.  isn\'t served warm as well.  I\'ve never had the tempting-looking desserts here because all the other food is so filling and delicious.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great place for a late night snack with lots of well-marked vegan options. This is a kind of cheap and cheerful place, although service was very friendly. Opted for a rolled naan, which proved to be a bit too crispy (slightly soft would have been better), and somewhat tasteless. It also had unadvertised beets which I had to remove. Still, scores for price and clarity, with lots of options to try and maybe one or two passable beers.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Very glad I found this place. First off, we got a free hummus plate just for checking in (even though we didn\'t end up spending the $25 required to receive the offer). We got a raspberry smoothie and their "comfort drink" (mint tea).Hummus plate was very creamy and tasty. Entrees, the chicken salad and chicken Schwarma were equally delicious, haven\'t had better seasoned chicken in quite a while. Will definitely be returning to this quiet, affordable, friendly place and hopefully indulge in their mouth watering deserts!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Bad service, bad food. Nothing was fresh. We asked for them to take back our food, mine had a hair and was cold, my husbands was not cooked, chicken was raw. The wait staff made us justify our issues with the meals even when we showed them the raw food and hair, along with the browned lettuce on our salad and wrinkled tomatoes.  When they brought us our replacements it was cold, and again, not fresh- the meat was overcooked,  like the chef was trying to make a point.Loved this place in the past, unfortunately, will never go back now.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'm not particularly impressed by this restaurant, which has a bit too much of a chain feel to it; there are other, better places for comparable food around the area.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had Jasmine's Favorite with lamb which is a rice dish and shared some Baba as an appetizer. I enjoyed it as I do most Middle Eastern restaurants. I don't think there is anything special. Portion size is pretty average as well.I was dining with an Egyptian immigrant and his wife who travel back to the Middle East so I assume the the food is authentic.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'ve been to Aladdin\'s twice.  Once for lunch on a Sunday and once for dinner on a Saturday.When I was there on Sunday, I felt like I wasn\'t trendy enough to be eating there.  The diners around me were all dressed to the nines and seemed like they were trying to outdo each other in the amount of designer gear they were wearing and stories about their adventures from the night before.  We were seated right away and seemed to have just beat the rush as about a half an hour later, every single table was packed.  Our food was good but nothing to write home about.  Service was decent but not the best.The second time I went with a part of four around 5:30 on a Saturday evening.  Once again it appeared we just early enough to beat the dinner rush.  The vegetarian appetizer was tasty but filling.  I almost didn\'t have room for my entree. I ordered the "honeymoon" juice which featured carrots, cucumber and grapes.  The strongest flavor was the cucumber which was fine by me since it is one of my favorite vegetables.My entree was the jasmine rice with beef.  It was flavorful and the beef was tender although I preferred the taste after I added the hot sauce that was provided on the side.  Service was pretty good and drinks were quickly refilled.  My complaint from this visit was that it was really hot in the restaurant.   It was 90+ degrees that day, but it felt like the air conditioning wasn\'t on (or if it was, it wasn\'t working properly).  By the end of our meal, it seemed as if it had finally kicked on.Overall, the food was decent and I had an enjoyable experience but I\'ll probably try other places in the area before I return to Alladin\'s again.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "When our family can't come to a consensus about where to eat, Aladdin's is always a safe bet. Everyone can find something they like on the menu (which is pretty wide-ranging). The only thing I don't like is their room temperature pita that they serve with everything. How much effort does it take to toast/ warm it up? On the plus side, they serve fresh pressed juices which are rare to find at typical sit- down restaurants. I also like their falafel appetizer, baba ganoush, hummus, chicken curry wrap and pitzas. The desserts in the display case look delicious though I have never tried any. All in all a decent place with reasonable prices and consistently good food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was originally drawn in by check-in offer, but it''s available only on dine-in orders over $25. I got carry out around 5 pm on a weekday. My order was ready in about ten minutes, and the staff were polite. I got the Chicken Sambusek plate, which has chicken, onions, herbs, and spices folded in a pita pie with a salad. The filling was delicious--the chicken tender, slightly charred, and seasoned well. The small amount of vegetables broke up the meatiness. However, the texture of the pita ranged from crunchy to soft to tough and chewy. I wasn't a fan of the tough, chewy parts, and a lot of the pita had that texture. I ate the food soon after I got it, while it was still warm, so I don't think time was the issue. In addition, the accompanying salad was a little lackluster. While the vegetables were fresh, they didn't seem to form anything cohesive. The dressing didn't help much; it contributed more of an oily mouth feel than flavor.Although I won't be seeking out opportunities to return, I wouldn't mind trying some other menu items, especially the meats.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Always a pleasant experience dining in Aladdin's. I frequently visit here, especially for lunch as I find the service really quick and efficient. Their lentil soup is pretty amazing, and comes with a pita bread on the side. I usually get the chicken shawarma wrap for lunch, which comes nicely wrapped up. I also particularly like to get the hot sauce on the side to accompany the wrap. The chicken pieces are succulent and highly flavorful. They have a wide range of entrees, and I particularly like the Jasmine's favorite. I also get the baklava to go sometimes (for a party or a potluck). They have multiple types of baklavas and some gift boxes as well. They have a collection of pastries, which are pretty good as well.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This restaurant in the heart of Squirrel Hill has a tasty range of Middle Eastern-inspired dishes, adapted to Western tastes, and the prices are quite good. We ate as a family with an age range from young to senior citizen and everyone found something on the menu to his or her liking. The falafel was very good, and we also shared the Hummus with Chicken, Baba Gannouj which are eggplant rolls, the Aladdin salad, and the Aladdin's Favorite combination with Beef Kafta, Shish Kabob, and Shish Tawook on a bed of brown rice. This is part of a chain but it has a neighborhood feel.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of my favorite restaurants in Squirrel Hill!  Their hummus is AMAZING.  It's so smooth and has so much flavor.  The oil they add to it also helps.  Tastes so good with the pita.  Yum yum!  I'm going to hunt for an Aladdin's when I come back up to the North.They have a lot of options for both veggie and meat lovers alike.  Personally I like the mujadara (sp?) which is lentils topped with yummy fried onions.  The chicken and hummus plate is excellent because you get that yummy hummus and some meat to go along with it.  I find that the prices are okay, usually about $7-$10 a dish, which is not too bad.One thing I didn't like: Their smoothies are kinda overpriced though (like $5 or something) but I did try one, and they're pretty good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Just ordered delivery, very disappointed.  Order was wrong.  That's ok, not that picky.  Ordered rolled lamb pita, lamb was way over cooked, dry and tough, and then it fell apart.  Ordered hot sauce, not included, pita was stale.  Ordered no tomato, I think I got extra.  Too many good mediterean around here to go back to Aladdin's", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I really love coming to Aladdin's whenever I am around Squirrel Hill. I can always count on quick service and consistently good food, along with friendly service. Their dessert selection is amazing also, lots of cakes, cheesecakes, and various pastries! The hummus is very solid as well - a regular size order is perfect for sharing between 4 people. The menu is very big and there are a lot of great things, but standouts for me are the hummus, falafel, and Aladdin's Favorite Combo. Prices are very reasonable as well, even for their specialty entrees!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The chicken was dry, the pita was cold and there was a fly in my water.I've had better food at other Aladdin's locations, so maybe this was just a bad day for them.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been to the Aladdin's in Mt Lebo and the North Hills and been totally unimpressed.  When my friend wanted to come here, I was over it.  However, this Aladdin's was a good experience.I ordered a falafel wrap ($8.31 with tax) since I had previously been unimpressed with options including meat.  The wrap was awesome.  The falafel was delicious and hot, and it was balanced well.  In Pittsburgh, this is probably the best falafel you can get.  The hummus was also amazing, and I could probably eat it with just a spoon.Overall, a good place for lunch in Squirrel Hill.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "It was a bit tough to find a great vegetarian place in Pittsburgh that was open late enough for us on a Sunday night but I'm glad I looked long enough to find this place. Andre was our server and he was really professional and quick. My friend and I ordered Dawali wraps which was our first encounter with dolma - he said it was the best Mediterranean wrap he's ever had. It was a little more sour and tangy than I was expecting but I'm not complaining, I'm still glad I tried it. The vegetarian chili has the perfect amount of heat and is a good size for sharing, or it could be a meal on its own for one person. No skimpy small cup of soup for sure. The atmosphere is cozy with ambient music. Prices are incredibly reasonable for the amount of food you get. We spent less than $20 for a filling dinner and leftovers. It's really too bad this place is hours from home because we'd love to eat here often.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very lovely place for smoothies and salads. In most recent memory a good friend of mine and I landed at this location after a three hour hike (read: got lost) around Frick Park. Starving, thirsty, and super worn out we decided on Aladdins because of their excellent smoothie menu. Though the service was slow (that's something I've noticed everytime I've been here), the fare was delicious and my friend and I enjoyed the spacious atmosphere and air conditioning. We both had some sort of strawberry and mango smoothie and downed it alarmingly fast. No regrets there.We had falafel as an app and it was decent. My friend got the tuna steak salad and I went with a grilled chicken salad. My salad was overflowing with yummy veggies and came with a very good Greek house dressing on the side. It totally hit the spot and left my feeling satisfied without being stuffed. My friend loved his dish as well. I skipped on desert but my friend had a slice of carrot cake to go and later reported it was delicious. All in all, if you're looking for some lighter fare in Squirrel Hill in a good atmosphere I would recommend you stop here. This place did look like it's accommodating for families as well!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We have been to the Squirrel Hill location several times over the past few months. We'll start out with the positives - Postive: Varied menu, very tasty food which should satisfy any palette. This is a great place to come to eat reasonably healthy.  The staff is always pleasant, seating is quick, service is quick, and it's honestly reasonable.  Kids will find plenty to like as well.  Great selection of cakes.Negative: We come here to share a nice meal with our family but honestly it feels like a cafeteria sometimes.  The dining room is long and narrow.  It's hard to have a good conversation without a lot of distraction tons.  The last time we came in, a family was seated near us that was very loud, with video chat on the phone, kids running around and literals screaming.  It was clear the management knew this and was trying to seat customers more towards the back and not around them but didn't do anything.  We were really rushing our food down and it was stressful just being next to the noise and not feeling like eating there.  The wine is a good selection but it more than not comes out just warm to almost hot from the glasses.  It's a shame because it's reasonably priced.In general it's a safe bet to eat here but the several times we have been there, seating is loud and not pleasing to eat as it feels like a school cafeteria sometimes.  I wish them good luck.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is another time when I wish Yelp\'s rating system would allow half stars.  I\'d gladly bump up my review to 3.5.  Believe me, places like Aladdin\'s serve a need.Like last night (December 23rd).  I came home from work.  I was all done with Christmas shopping.  I was tired from all this Holiday michigas.  Husband Rick was out doing the last of his Christmas shopping.  I thought, "What better time to order some take-out, plop my butt down on the couch, and eat while watching some TV?".  Hey, TBS shows "Seinfeld" reruns during dinner time!So I had me some Len-Chili soup--chili with lentils-for a starter.  For my main course I ordered the Chicken Sambusek Plate:  a pita with curry chicken, onions, peas, and spices.  My sides included mixed green veggies, tomatoes, mushrooms, and olives.All in all, it was a good way to chow down after tying my hair up and slipping into my comfy old sweatpants.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good food for a great price. Got Aladdin's favorite which gave me a taste of lamb, chicken and kofta. They have desserts that look delicious too.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Aladdin's is our favorite go-to restaurant in the East End! We like to get the delicious hummus appetizer, which goes especially well with the unlimited pita bread. The menu has a variety of options including smoothies to shish kabobs, and more Mediterranean foods. The prices are reasonable, and the location is awesome. In addition, the waiters are always very friendly and attentive. Aladdin's is the perfect place for a casual family dinner, and I would definitely recommend it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The Squirrel Hill version of this regional chain was as good as casual dining gets! The menu is extensively filled with a variety of reasonably priced fare. Salaam provided helpful and extremely cordial help in filling our table with beautifully prepared, delicious food. The fresh fruit smoothie, hummus appetizer, pita, and chicken pitza were all pleasures. I'll watch for this chain as it continues to grow and look forward to a time when I can become a regular at one located closer to me.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'One of my favorite Pittsburgh "watering holes"! Love that it\'s all fresh Whole Foods!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came in for lunch with 3 friends. I ordered the chicken wrap with almonds and a smoothie, was happily surprised. The food was great so is the atmosphere... Unfortunately the server was very unfamiliar with the menu and didn't even know the difference in dressing for example. He seemed to forget us a lot even though there was only a few other costumers other then us and while I waited forever for my smoothie he kept forgetting about I watched him dance in the servers station. Great place one bad server.", 'review_rating': None}]