Information about Ali Baba Restaurant{"businesses": [{"id": "6CjVFTO7F-q8BP7oQKB_9g", "alias": "ali-baba-pittsburgh", "name": "Ali Baba", "image_url": "https://s3-media3.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/-czXsGA4QkgKYA1VoainBg/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/ali-baba-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 164, "categories": [{"alias": "mideastern", "title": "Middle Eastern"}], "rating": 4.0, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.4451249539852, "longitude": -79.9488160014153}, "transactions": ["pickup", "delivery"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "404 S Craig St", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["404 S Craig St", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14126822829", "display_phone": "(412) 682-2829", "distance": 971.5995332522243}], "total": 8, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Spinach and Lentil Soup,Spinach Pie,Baba Ghanooj,Sleek,Cheese Pie,Moussaka,Tossed Salad,Syrian Chicken Sandwich,Baked Kibbee,Student Special,Mohomara,Syrian Soup,Meat Pie,
[{'review_text': "I ordered takeout from Ali Baba for myself and a friend.  As a vegetarian, I have always found so many options from which to choose.  As usual, the meals were delicious.  They we're ready to go when promised, and the cashier was very friendly.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Everything is so fresh, full of flavor and very authentic. I don't live in Pittsburgh but do try and visit every year and when I do, you can bet I'm going to be stopping by for dinner.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious Mediterranean food! I love the swarma wrap as well as the lentil soup - so cozy and warming! The atmosphere is lovely too! Great service! One of my fav Oakland lunch spots!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I would rate this place between 3-4.  I ordered the vegetarian trio - which included hummus, tabouli salad and sleek - and vegetarian falafel wrap. I judge a Mediterranean place by it's hummus. The hummus was good but not the best. I liked B52 but that's shut so this is the one of the  places I've tried in Pittsburgh with decent hummus. Tabouli Salad was really good! I liked the vegetarian trio, I'll come back for it. The wrap was just ok, nothing great. Interiors- It is cute, nicely lit up and perfect for a candlelight dinner. The restaurant was clean overalll. Servers- They were perfect. They very kind and friendly. They helped me pick the trio. Parking - We found parking on the streets. It wasn't a hassle. I would recommend the readers to give it a shot! I would come back again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Really quite good Middle Eastern food! There aren't too many restaurants offering some of these food options and I'm glad we have this place in Oakland. It's a great place to stop by after visiting the Carnegie Museum or as a Carnegie Mellon University student. I ordered the homemade plain yogurt, pita, Syrian chicken sandwich with tzatziki sauce, cheese pie, white rice with egg noodle as well as toasted nuts, feta cheese (1.5 oz) with olive, and halawa bi-jibn.The food is absolutely delicious and definitely very high quality. I'll start with the yogurt. You can easily tell this was homemade. It had a unique wholesome texture and flavor. Not salty, creamy but had little chunks (which is fine, it happens with homemade yogurt). The portion was unbelievably big for just $3! As in, bigger than most store bought yogurts by a large margin! Very good.The sides and little additions were great, too. Some individuals mentioned they did not receive pita, but I did. It was the standard pita you'd want. Fair portion, and great to dip in yogurt. The feta cheese was quite good as well. I'd say it's a bit too salty. I don't really understand why they combined feta (a very salty cheese) with an olive (quite a salty vegetable) since it was a bit overwhelming. Still, it's good to add in the sandwich. The tzatziki sauce was incredible. It came with the sandwich for free. Creamy, refreshing, and just prefect.On to the star of the meal: the Syrian chicken sandwich. Wow, wow, wow! An excellent sandwich and definitely one of the best lunches you could buy in the area. Super reasonable price at just $10(!!!) and great portion. The chicken has the perfect texture (it's shredded) and an amazing flavor. Nice wrap, crispy in the edges and soft in the middle. There weren't too many onions, and the sumac was a nice addition for that tanginess. So good, and highly recommend.The cheese pie was probably my least favorite item. It did come in a good portion. But, it was baked for too long and looked as well as tasted burnt. There also wasn't that much filling inside. The flavor was overall on the sweet side due to it having caramelized onions. I was expecting something similar to tiropita and was honestly a bit let down. The white rice and noodles were pretty good, but honestly I'd skip them. I thought I need some extra carbs to bulk up the meal, but it really wasn't necessary. Not much flavor but again, the portion was good. The egg noodles had a cool texture though.Finally, the dessert was also decently good. I've never had halawa bi-jibn so it was nice to give it a try. To my knowledge, this is the only restaurant that offers this dessert in the Pittsburgh area. The portion was on the small side. For me, it wasn't sweet enough. The texture was silky and it almost melted in your mouth.All in all, this is an excellent restaurant. The food comes in generous portions and it is authentic as well as delicious. If you want healthy food, this is also an excellent option! Some unique items and some more standard ones. I would for sure recommend Ali Baba!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': '- lamb kabob ( cooked rare) was excellent- rice was delicious- good hummus- pita bread not great ( that was a disappointment) - fairly priced as portions are quite generous-friendly service- super casual but clean atmosphere Overall a good restaurant!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We have been eating here several times a year for the last 9 years and enjoying the food. They have everything we like and the food is usually a 4 to 5The last couple of times we ate there, we also ordered takeout food when we left. We live across town and do not get here as often as we likeThe takeout portion was a bit skimpy compared to the eat in portions, but we ordered it again this time anyway thinking it was an off day. When we got our food home and opened it up, we discovered our baked kibbee had 1 inch of black burnt meat at one end. It was way more than well done. Really!  We will try our luck somewhere else next time.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The restaurant does not look very appealing on the outside, but as soon as you step into Ali Baba you are transported to the Middle East immediately. The staff was super friendly, as i showed up as soon as they opened to get a table for my girlfriend and I. And I was really lucky that I came early, because within 30 to 45 minutes of opening, there was no availability! The staff let me sit there for 40ish minutes on my own and kept brining me water while I waited for my girlfriend, which I was super grateful for!As soon as she showed up, we put in our order. She had the student special, which comes with a tossed salad (she added feta cheese for an extra dollar), a big side of rice, and stewed lamb in a tomato sauce. The lamb was fall a part tender, the rice was super fragrant, and the salad tasted very fresh! For only $12, this was a really good portion of food and everything was delicious. I had the Kafta sand which which was stuffed with a bunch of vegetables and lamb. I had misread the menu and thought that it said you can add 2 sides for $2, but it was $2 per side. Because of this, I added on the tossed salad and the hummus. The hummus was really tasty and was topped with olive oil which was delicious! The sandwich itself was pretty big too: the lamb was super tender as well and everything was encased in a nice warm pita. To share, we ordered the baba ghanooj, which is a typical appetizer made of eggplant. It has a very similar consistency to hummus for reference. It was incredibly delicious though! I have never had it before and will definitely be ordering it from now on!I am really excited to come back for Ali Baba to try more of there amazing food! There was a backside to the menu that I forgot to photograph, but everything got the back side of the menu looked delicious as well! Definitely a good spot if you're in the area for lunch!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Kind and attentive staff, great ambiance, and affordable tasty food! Nestled away on S. Craig Street, Ali Baba is one of the most student friendly and fantastic restaurants that there is in the oakland area. I will take anyone here for a lowkey meal for as long as they allow it. Try the mohomara and the mussabaha if you get the chance!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "First time here with friends. Loved the homey feel of this place. We were late for our reservation because traffic was heavy but Connie called and they said no problem, they'd hold the table.  For appetizers, we shared the maza platter which had hummus, baba ganooj, feta, tabooli and artichokes. Presentation was lovely and everything was fresh and delicious.  We also got a selection of the pies-cheese, olives and spinach and an order of mohorama.  Again, very tasty.  You'd think after all that food, we'd be full; however, we then ordered dinner. Three of us had sandwiches. I had the falafel wrap and it did not disappoint.  My date ordered the shish kebab dinner and his only complaint was, compared to the rest of our dinners, his seemed a little small. But the lamb was perfectly cooked and well seasoned.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "very good food and service! the moussaka and the pies (3 for $6) were our favorites! we can't wait to go again!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love getting a wrap for lunch from Ali Baba. Super nice staff and a nice eating space. I've noticed beers on tap. Also terrific for catering larger events. Have gone there many times.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've eaten a lot of middle eastern food, but Ali Baba stands OUT! Amazing food, great service and most of all consistency! I went with a friend who has been going for 20 years there, and she said it's as good as day one-- she isn't wrong. Keep it up!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A beautiful restaurant with a great vibe and fantastic service! the food was incredible and authentic. 10/10 would reccomend', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Just waited 20 minutes for a meat pie that was burnt black. This was a take out order, so someone knowingly  wrapped up a burnt meat pie and hoped I'd walk away with it. I could smell it through the bag! Very disappointing from a place I've patronized for years.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I ordered Mujadara, Baba Ganoush, and Hummus on the night of August 11th. It was really delicious! The next morning around 4 am I was puking my brains out. More came up 2 hours later. Felt fine after that.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So very disappointed in Ali Baba!  Had ordered over $50 worth of food to take to a friend's for Thanksgiving appetizers. Was embarrassed to find there was just one large piece of pita bread with each order of baba ganoush and hummus. When I called to let them know how unhappy I was, I was told the manager would call me back. That was the day before Thanksgiving. He has yet to call!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great food and service! Got the shawarma and a drink for a very reasonable price. Nl', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I love food from the Middle East so I was excited to come here for lunch after a morning at the museum. Sadly it was pretty underwhelming.The interior feels a bit of a time warp, it reminds me of a cafe from a film set in the \'70s, it\'s very basic. The staff were friendly, but the service was a little lacking. "Excuse me, is it possible to get some cutlery to eat our salads with?"The food was okay but very bland. My husband had a chicken wrap and I had a lamb shawarma wrap. The bread they came in was good but there was just meat inside so they were a bit monotonous to eat. The salads were mostly iceberg lettuce, not very inspiring.Ali Baba is cheap and it is a viable option for a quick post museum lunch but it didn\'t impress us enough to consider revisiting next time we are in the area.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is amazing! The outside is unflattering, but the interior is very open and ambient. Food is really good too. It's super fresh and tasty. Service is great as well.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I used to live in DC and have not found authentic middle Eastern restaurant since moving back. This place is incredible! Delicious authentic middle easter food and the staff was so friendly! I highly recommend Ali Baba restaurant!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Amazing food and phenomenal staff. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. You can't beat Ali Baba's for Mediterranean food in Pittsburgh, and in particular it's a nice break from the pizza places and Chipotle locations in Oakland. The vegetarian grape leaves are amazing and super lemon-y. The hummus is similarly delicious. Highly recommend.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The rice tasted like how my grandmother used to make it. The place is casual but the food is really good. I'll definitely be back. It's one of my favorite middle eastern places in the US.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Always love their food, but this time the lamb skewers were exceptional--rare and extremely soft and tastyAnd the grape leaves came warm and were delicious tooHummus and rice were perfectAnd that pita bread you can die for!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been here quite a few times and each time the food is consistently good and so is the service. My favorite is the moussaka and I always get an order of the baba and baked kibbe. My vegetarian sister loves the veggie stuffed grape leaves and the lentil and spinach soup and always orders a spinach pie. My picky boyfriend likes the cabbage rolls and the moussaka as well. Overall I highly recommend if you're looking for some authentic middle eastern food here is the place!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Walked over for lunch and truly had a terrific meal. It was very busy and it took just a little extra time to get greeted and get our food but it wasnt overly bad. We definitely didn't make it back to work in an hour, but don't tell my boss that. I got the falafel wrap and my friend ordered the lunch combo. Everything was delicious.  i asked for tzaziki sauce instead of tahini and our server looked at me astonishingly.  Whatever, it's what I like! We also got the hummus appetizer, which took entirely too long to be brought out. It, and the pita, were very good and flavorful however. The hummus is very smoky, which is new for me. I liked it. Lunch prices were on par with the other restaurants in the area. The ambiance and decor was nice yet still leaning towards average. I will definitely go back and/or place an order for pick up. I love falafel and while this wasn't in my top 3, it was still delicious.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So i ordered the stew lamb... I didn\'t see the land LOL!!! I received like 3 small squares of meet and a plate full of veggies..... I asked the server about the plate and the only thing she said was "sorry about that" and also this restaurant is not child friendly.. doesn\'t have changed table in the restroom.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Disappointed. I ordered here for years (1-2X/month). Tonight, I included a large order of baba ghanooj for takeout (~2 cups), and it now comes with just 1 pita (used to be 2 pitas). I thought this was a mistake with new kitchen help, but they assured me after asking the manager that it's one pita. Perhaps they tried to consume that quantity of baba ghanooj with a SINGLE 10-in pita...? Anyway, I was told they could include more pitas for $0.30 each, but obviously, this was an (unhappy) surprise when I opened my takeout at home.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been here a few times for lunch. There are some definite great things on the menu, and some that are just okay. Most recently I got the vegetarian stuffed grape leaves and a gyro. The grape leaves were delicious. The leaves were tender and the filling was flavorful. The gyro was just okay, not a whole lot of flavor, and the pita was a little tough. I think some onions/feta would help improve and maybe some hot sauce. I've also had stuffed cabbage rolls before and enjoyed them, though they were a bit on the sour side and not enough on the savory side. I think my favorite thing on the menu is the spinach and cheese pie, which is utterly delicious. Their hummus is great. I also can say the pricing is fair. It's not horribly expensive, a great price range for lunch. The decor is very nice, and the service is good. Overall, a 3/5 which I consider respectable. A few improvements in the flavor department would really boost this place.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We were in the area and visited the nearby Carnegie museum before we decided to grab lunch. Spending 3 hours in the museum really worked up an appetite and were craving Mediterranean food. We Yelped and found Ali Baba's so decided to go here. The restaurant is in a cute area of town and is quite charming itself. They were not busy when we went in so we received service immediately. Our server was excellent and was able to point out the vegan and vegetarian options. My husband and I both had the lentil soup as a starter. OMG! It was delicious. I really should have had a bowl of it as it was pure heaven. For our appetizer we had a falafel sandwich. Now it is typically a plate but they made it a sandwich for us. It was delicious. There was falafel in every bite which is not my experience with other restaurants serving falafel. At the end of the day I will say this is one of, if not, the best Mediterranean restaurants around.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We love Ali Baba and at each visit (over 20 years) we have remarked at how it seems immune from the ravages of trends and time. Sadly, no more. We visited today and they have made some clumsy changes to the interior. It looks like replacing the floor had a snowball effect and the interior just feels less comfortable, noisier, and actually kind of cheap and cruddy. We're sad. I feel the same (three years after renovation). It is just not as pleasant inside, or as special feeling. Food is still great though, although we definitely don't visit as much as we used to.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If you are looking for authentic middle eastern cuisine in the city, this is it. I have never been disappointed. The food is amazing and the wait staff friendly and attentive. Make sure to get a piece of their baklava for dessert. The only challenge to Ali Baba's is parking. It is well worth it! Make sure if you are hungry for Middle Eastern good the best Hummus, Tabbouleh, and Mohamara, you will find in the region", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Nothing impressive. Noodles were soggy. Tasteless. I was expecting big bold flavors . And they were renovating when i picked up my food. It was sitting on a drywall dust covered table.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Decent Syrian food in a quiet atmosphere perfect for conversation. They accommodated our walk-in group of 6 on a weeknight right away. Service was friendly and relatively attentive. My kafta kabob was somewhat dry, as was the meat pie. But the koozi and mousaka were reportedly good. We recommend the tabouli over the house salad, which is mostly iceberg lettuce. Ask about the entrees that come with dessert, and then order the baklava. Each order of baklava comes with two pieces, good for sharing half or taking it home, as I doubt you'll have room for both after all that good food! Fine for Oakland, and easily affordable, but I prefer Istanbul Sofra for better Middle Eastern food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been here several times and frankly I don't know why I keep coming back. It's just close to campus I guess. I have always come for dinner but at different times; earlier it's empty, but it can get pretty packed during prime dinner hours. I've tried the meat pie, spinach pie, stuffed cabbage, baked kibbee, kafta kebab (spiced ground lamb meat), hummus, and baklava. The kafta kebab is a solid choice, but several other restaurants serve better kafta. I enjoyed the baked kibbee, but thought it was overpriced like most other items on the menu. Everything else I've tried I have regretted ordering. On top of the subpar food, the service is slow. It's extra annoying because you can literally see the staff chatting among themselves instead of attending to customers. I usually eat here with the same friend and she often has a meeting to catch after dinner, but she's always had to leave before me because it takes forever to get the check. A couple things at Ali Baba are worth trying if you haven't been before, but I will not be wasting my time here anymore.Taste | 2Atmosphere | 2.5Presentation | 2Service | 2OVERALL | 2", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love the food at Alibaba and certainly have missed it while in Florida.  Takeout is great but would love to share dinner with friends at the restaurant.  I can't wait until it reopens!  No matter how fresh it is when you bring it home reheating lamb Kababs loses something when reheated!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I have visited Ali baba multiple times and have always loved the food and atmosphere. They are a little intimidating to walk in because the restaurant is not well marked, but once inside, you feel cozy and confident. The Muhammara(pictured) is to die for. Great meat and great vegan options, staff is very nice and accommodating.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'What a great Middle East restaurant in Oakland. All the food was made to order and was very good. Atmosphere was casual with friendly and attentive staff.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A 45-year run says something about a restaurant. In Ali Baba's case, it says delicious food with a rich, yet subtle, spice palette. My wife used to come here as a treat when she was in college, and I've been hearing about it since we met. I'm glad I finally had the opportunity to go. In this case, believe the hype. Excellent food, nice ambiance and good price -- what more can you ask for?", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Amazing service! Great portions--especially the rice and pita! The salad is a must and really is a huge portion as well. I always get the small with feta and it is delicious. I dream about this salad. All the workers there are great! So friendly! Very kid friendly.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'First time I went here was with a group of coworkers for lunch and we ordered everything that started with an M on the menu and shared it. Was very very pleased. Have come back less than a week later and ordered Sleek(a warm kale, bean, onion plate of heaven). Wait staff are very efficient and friendly , even during busy rush periods.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Recently, I had been to Ali Baba for dinner and overall I thought both the service and food quality were great. For my entree, I had the chicken delight which was marinated chicken in tomato sauce and sliced onions. I liked the juiciness of the chicken and it was cooked pretty well in my opinion. If there was one thing I would change, however, is to add some spice to the tomato sauce. The pita bread was moist which helped with scooping up the tomato sauce from my plate. I don't live in the Pittsburgh area, sadly, but plan to come back to Ali Baba again whenever I visit Pittsburgh.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have been coming here since I was a child in the 70's and I've never been disappointed with the quality of the food. I ordered thru Grubhub  today and the food was once again wonderful.  The only disappointment was the quantity of artichoke salad. I ordered two and for almost $14 I recieved very small containers and minimal salad.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "we stopped by ali baba for dinner this week because we were craving middle eastern food.  my so ordered the kafta kebab plate and i had the lentil soup and falafel...we split the hummus appetizer.the lentil soup, which i had to remind the waitress i had ordered, was the best part of my meal.  i wish i had ordered a cup instead of a bowl.  that and my so's side of rice, was the only reason ali baba received three stars.  the kebab was okay, not great, and the falafel was a patty with no flavor.  if cilantro was in it, it was well hidden.  the hummus was tahini heavy.  pita was skinny and dry.service was prompt, but we were there relatively early (7:30pm).there are so many outstanding restaurants in this category (istanbul sofra, casbah, daphne cafe), i would not go back to a.b.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Have eaten there "in person" for years. Love the food and service. Try the spinach lentil soup! Now I\'m appreciating the same great food with curbside pickup.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ali Babas is a favorite of my family and i and we've been eating here for a good part of my life! I've never been to a Middle Eastern restaurant with such authentic Syrian food. The Shiska Bob is to die for and the Falafal is absolutely delicious, and I love how they give you a salad with your meal,  and the hummus is delicious too. Very tasty tempting food and very filling. I think everyone should try it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Ali Baba has been somewhere I wanted to try for a while, but I just came in a few days ago with a friend. We had an hour for lunch, and this was within walking distance of CMU.First, if you have a strict hour for lunch, this is not the place to come. Service is not a priority. You will be brought your food and not much else and need to ask for a check. This part could really be improved.  We were in the, mostly deserted, restaurant for an hour and fifteen minutes, and we rushed the waitress.  She was sitting at a table playing on her phone for most of our lunch.The Falafil Wrap ($6.45) was OK.  The falafil part was yummy, but the pita was slightly chewy, which was odd.  As others have mentioned the tahini sauce here was a bit more unique and very savory.  I found it too be almost sour tasting but not in a bad way.  Unfortunately, it was a bit over-powering for the wrap and would have been better on the side.All in all, a cheap and decent stop for lunch on Craig Street but not terribly special.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ali Baba is an Oakland, Craig Street landmark.  With a menu filled with healthy, delicious and innovative selections a 5 star rating is a given.  However, there are many other distinguishing features of this restaurant that are worth note.  Foremost is the affordability of the menu items.  For me student days are a long ago memory, but the search for value on a student budget still resonates.  It is for this reason that it is wonderful to have a place of Ali Baba's Ilk located close to major university campuses.  Bravo to them for keeping high quality at reasonable prices.At Ali Baba it is possible to have a simple nutritious meal or a veritable feast.  Their Baba Ghanooj is the best in the city.  Meat or spinach pies are always tasty.  On a cold day how about some Syrian or Spinach an Lentil soup?My personal favorite is baked kibbee soaked in hot sauce or a milder version served with cucumber and mint yogurt.  The Ali cheeseburger, made with lamb meat and served on pita bread is like none that you have ever had.For the feast, bring some friends to share.  Rice with pignoli nuts is simple and unique.  Kebabs, stuffed cabbage or grape leaves are great lunch or dinner fare.  Healthy, tasty vegetable selections include a variety of salads, the Tabooli salad with bulger wheat and a lemon juice dressing is primo.Don't forget dessert.  All their desserts sound wonderful, but I've only had Baklawa, why stray?  Of course you should order Arabic coffee.There is frequent staff turnover,  but all are enthusiastic, friendly and very efficient.  Get there off rush and be sure to be to class on time.  The owners treat guests like family.  Location can't be beat.  If you are traveling in from the burbs you are walking distance to universities, museums, places of worship ...Ali Baba also offers take-out and delivery to satisfy that craving in your own house if so chosen.  For combination of taste quality, value and convenience Ali Baba receives my highest rating.  Enjoy!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I like the food here. My go-to is the Ali's burger. The Syrian yogurt has is nice and refreshing. Service is pretty fast given that I always go during rush lunch hour. Also relatively inexpensive!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great food for ok price. (FYI, I am vegetarian).  I also love that I can place an order and walk by a few minutes later to find my food ready.1 star low because I got the wrong change back, $6 instead of $8, and the person gave me right away the $2 but never acknowledged that it was their mistake or apologized.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I have to agree that it\'s better to order a bunch of the a la carte items than the platters.  I had the vegetarian special here.  It came exactly how the menu described it: rice with pine nuts, hummus and baba ghanooj.  But I was still taken aback by the beige-ness of the plate--when I think "vegetarian," I think green.  (I don\'t know.  Am I crazy?)  Maybe a tiny bit of salad on the plate?  The plate is less expensive than the meat platters that come with salad--but I\'d think that the meat, not lettuce, accounts for the price difference.  But, to be fair, the menu description didn\'t promise a salad.  The baba ghanooj was the best thing on the vegetarian platter.  The hummus and rice weren\'t bad, but next time I\'ll just order the baba ghanooj a la carte and some other small dishes.  I prefer Aladdin\'s for its larger variety of vegetarian dishes, though.The water glasses here are really, really small.  I came here on a warm day and my friend and I were really thirsty, so we kept draining our glasses.  Our waitress was pretty good about refilling them--but I couldn\'t help but think it\'d be a lot easier on her if the place had bigger glasses.   Less waste, more eco-friendly, maybe?', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Really enjoyed the pita bread they make -- it was the thinnest I have ever seen! I ordered the fish platter and it was nicely seasoned and clean as well.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Literally was here and have had about every vegetarian option on their menu. The waiters probably know me by name...I love everything on their menu - literally. every. veggie. option.  I've never gotten anything that I haven't liked. The ambiance is pretty nice and low key so it's good for all occasions. The food is also pretty cheap (besides the entree) if you stick to the a la carte menu (which is extensive and large portioned) then you're set! I'm surprised more people haven't checked this place out because this is close to Pitt and Cmu campus and the food is beyond comparison! Bottom Line: One of my favorite restaurants in the 'burgh.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Wow the raw Kibbe is amazing! Hummus very authentic. Flat bread is also excellent. Interior decor is modern. All of our dishes were quite excellent!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A decent place for a sit-down lunch among the varied options on Craig Street - usually does a booming business with students and workers from the nearby offices around lunch and has fairly fast service considering.After having tried several of the lunch options I tend to favor the simplicity of a spinach and lentil soup and a hummus.  Some of the appetizers are more hit and miss.  I\'m a fan of other dishes like the sleek but it may be intended as a thing to share because it doesn\'t come with anything else to accompany it.  In terms of local "Middle Eastern" restaurants I prefer this over Aladdin\'s.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Good place to try Syrian style food. Just not my favorite. Average price 20-25 per person', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Everything was very good - homemade yogurt, hummus, rice pilaf and salad - except for one pretty major item. two lamb shish-kabobs ordered medium rare both came out medium to medium well, which meant that they were tough and dry. they also were not seasoned or marinated so they had little flavor. And then there was the fork that kept bending when you tried to eat with it, which was a tad odd.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I had the baba ganoush today for lunch and it was incredible! Super flavorful and squishy in my mouth. My waitress was very friendly and kind. So beautiful too! I think her name was Katoosh. She said her 13 tattoo was because her parents got married on the 13th - lucky for me the baba ganoush was number 13 on the menu! Haha!Will definitely be back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Being part lebonese I have always sought out lebonese food in different parts of the country when traveling and can say this is one of the best places I've been to. The hummus and raw kibbe are awesome. Go Steelers!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is so underrated!  It's one of my favorite lunch spots in the Oakland area.  Fast, inexpensive, and tasty middle eastern favorites.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love, love, love this place!  I'm a little biased, because I grew up on middle eastern food and this has the authentic taste of home. I come here all the time for lunch, and sometimes for dinner. I'm always seated quickly by the friendly staff, and the service is very prompt. They are also great about splitting the bill if you need it.Some favorite food items:Spinach and Lentil soupVegetarian SpecialHealthy VarietyHummusBaba GhanoojSpinach PieGrape LeavesTabooliCan't speak to the meat dishes, but vegetarians can always find something delicious here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A hidden little Mediterranean place near Carnegie Mellon University. The entry door looks dark and small, but once you go in, the place is deep and gives a warmly lit ambiance. The Mediterranean dishes are reasonably priced and very tasty. Lots of professionals and academics working in the area grabbing lunch with their colleagues. Spotted a few students too. Polite service with smiles.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have ordered from here a handful of times, sometimes dining in and sometimes carrying out.The food is pretty tasty and they have a good variety of dishes on their menus. I especially like their falafel sandwhiches. I have tried their humus as well which was pretty good.The restaurant is nice, although I'd say the service is not consistently something to rave about.Good prices for the food. Great option for somebody on a budget.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Really enjoyed this place, but for students on a budget I would strongly encourage not coming by for dinner unless you want to really treat yourself! I loved my dinner (i got the vegetarian special and a spinach pie), but the prices were pretty steep relative to the portions. My bill was close to $20 including tip but I definitely didn't feel like I had eaten $20 worth of food! Judging by the lunch menu, that option seems considerably more reasonable", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "They're Muhammara is my favorite thing on the menu. I always get that with the vegetarian special and it's way more food than I can ever eat in one sitting. Their lentil soup is fantastic as well! The price is really reasonable for the amount of food you get.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Always delicious and of the highest quality! Everything I have tried is great but the loobee, chicken shish kabob and house salad dressing are some of my favorites! Oh and the Hummus is the best I have ever had! Quiet, relaxed atmosphere that fosters great conversations is an added bonus!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'm in Pittsburgh for a conference, and thought I'd grab some Middle Eastern carry-out for dinner. It's Sunday night, I called them up and found out they're open until 9:45PM! I was really surprised, since most places don't stay open that late on Sunday.I ordered the Vegetarian Special ($6.95 entree), Spinach & Lentil Soup ($2.50/cup), and Baklava ($1.50/piece). I'm saving the baklava for later, but the other two dishes were excellent. The soup was freaking awesome, seriously. It had maybe a little too much oil, but otherwise, it was very tasty. The entree had rice (not memorable), hummus (okay), and baba ganouj (excellent). Yeah, you could totally taste the grilled eggplant goodness of the baba ganouj. I would definitely at least add a side dish of this if you eat here.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Best Middle Eastern restaurant in Pittsburgh IMHO. My family has been coming here for 40 years. Great for dates or dinner with friends. Service is always good and prices are reasonable given the high quality. I've never been disappointed going here. I always get the Lamb Shank, Grape Leaves, and Hummus.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I had a tasty and reasonably priced meal here. The hummus and pita were really nice. I ordered something called sleek and it was my first time trying it. I loved how tasty and healthy it was. Really liked the fact that I was able to order vegan/vegetarian food. The staff was friendly and the service was pretty fast.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wonderful middle eastern food. I've never had a bad meal here. Syrian inspired dishes that are delicious and nutritious. BYOB and hookahs are on the wall. Staff are very personable and will assist with explanations of the various Arabic dishes!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've come here several times, both for lunch and for dinner, though it's been awhile.  The appetizers here have been pretty good--I've had the hummus and the tabbouleh, and both have been flavorful.  The entrees here have been more nondescript, however.  If you come for lunch, the homemade yogurt is surprisingly good.  It's savory, so don't expect something sweet like many store-bought yogurts, but it's very thick and creamy, similar to Greek yogurt.  Service has been slow every time I've come here, so be sure to take this into account--don't come here expecting a quick lunch.  Prices are inexpensive, so it's a good option if you're looking for a meal that won't break the bank.  Also, it's a good option for vegetarians.  3.5 stars.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ali Baba offers a simple dining experience with a lot of heart. My best friend and I love to share a bunch of a la carte items and a bottle of red wine. An order of hummus, baba ghanooj, grape leaves, and a cheese pie is incredibly satisfying and puts our total bill under $30. Apart from the delicious food, there's something to be said about the atmosphere of Ali Baba. Gorgeous pothos plants hang from the skylights of the otherwise minimalist dining room. And on a weekend evening, you may notice that certain customers exude a familiarity and comfort level which indicates they've been going to Ali Baba for years. Its reputation as an Oakland landmark is well deserved.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I happened upon Ali Baba by mistake -- we missed our reservations elsewhere -- and was pleasantly surprised. We had a huge platter of tasty appetizers and split a lamb kebab and salad for dinner. We BYOBed so it worked out great. The tabbouleh is among the best I've had. I would like to go back for lunch, as I'm not sure I would pay for dinner again. Service was a bit slow but a good pace for a leisurely dinner.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My favorite middle Eastern restaurant in Pittsburgh. Have been going to this place since 1975. My favorite dishes are the vegetarian plate, Spinach pie with lentil spinach soup. My wife's favorite is the lamb kebabs. The staff is friendly and welcoming", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Extremely slow service. Food, when it finally arrived, was not at all memorable. Avoid the baklava (had a weird oily taste). Very disappointed.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My family and I have been coming here for almost my whole life. Mostly, I enjoy coming here now for the memories that I have attached to the restaurant. Sadly,the food usually disappoints. Mousy recently my patents and I dined here on December 23 after they picked me up from the airport. We are let down to find out that they were out of hummus. We ended up ordering some dips and two meals, lamb and chicken kabobs. The lame wad good, but the chicken was dry and tasteless. Got desert weer got baklava. This also was dry and burnt. Overall, it wasn't a good donning experience. If you find yourself in this area, I would recommend exploring the community, you might find better food else where.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'd think most of my Yelp buddies won't care about this review, but oh well! It was way overdue. This place is really close to my (former) school and some of the communities at school loved to throw events there or bring their foods at school events. So, I have tried most of their foods either inside the restaurant or at school. This is supposed to be a Syrian cuisine but you'll find some Persian foods in their menu such as shish kabob or koobideh (Kafta). And sure, I've heard so much arguments about whether or not Shish kabob or koobideh are Persian, so don't contact me on this unless you have a time machine that can send me back to see it for myself.  Generally speaking, their rice is bland, their beef is dry, and Spinach pie is meh. I like their pitta bread, lentil soup, and tossed salad. Fatoosh is also a hit or miss... I haven't heard of any other middle eastern restaurant near that area and if you really crave this kind of food, I'd suggest to go here but don't expect much. Service is friendly but inefficient. The location is great and its nice and clean... It has been there since 1972 and is pretty popular. It is also big enough compare to other restaurants in the Craig street. And you can have a nice walk around it when you are done eating! There are coffee shops, bookstore, boutiques, people walking, etc!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Ali Baba is on a busy stretch of Craig Street near CMU and the museums, etc.  When I grabbed a late lunch today at around 2:00pm today they were still pretty crowded but the atmosphere and crowd were "cool" and the service was good.  For some reason, I have turned into a baba ganoush fanatic lately.  The baba at Ali Baba (say that 3 times in a row and a genie will appear) was very fresh tasting but was a little bit on the bland side in my opinion.  There was a little too much oil (actually a puddle of oil) on top of the baba but there was some nice citrus taste to it.   The large portion of baba was definitely enough for 2 - I brought half of it home.I also tried a spinach pie.  Good - not great.  Nice and toasted on the outside but just a tad undercooked and doughy on the inside.  Also a little on the bland side.  I wish they had a spinach-feta cheese pie option on the menu - maybe I should have asked.My last trip to Ali Baba was over 10 years ago.  That visit included an incredibly hilarious and embarassing moment that I cannot post on the internet.  Well maybe one of these days after a few beers I will reveal - ha ha.  Ali Baba is a good choice on Craig Street but there are better middle eastern choices in my opinion at Kassab\'s (Southside) and Taza 21 (Squirrel Hill).  With that said, I will try Ali Baba again one of these days.  I am intrigued that Ali Baba has it\'s roots in Syria so maybe I just need to appreciate the differences and give it another chance.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious and amazing service!!! Everything was great, and we ordered a lot of things: hummus, falafel, chicken stew, cabbage leaves, tabbouleh. Yum.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We were there tonight . We think we wasted our money . We didn't like the food.  We would recommend to eat somewhere else. Expensive and not good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great "hole in the wall" spot serving Middle East cuisine in a comfortable atmosphere. The service is prompt and attentive, yet not intrusive and the portions are big enough that some folks may require leftovers.  Most importantly, the food is pretty darn good, too - as in good enough to put this place on a regular rotation if you live in the area. All this combined with reasonable prices makes Ali Baba a great find.  Enjoy!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fatoush is a fun word.  And delicious! I've eaten here many times, but am just now getting around to posting a review.  My usual is the fatoush.   The babaganoosh and hummus are also very very good.  This past time I was absolutely famished so I didn't think a little salad would do the trick, so I got the spinach pie.  It was good, but not what I expected.  I think I expected something like spanikopita but this was more tart - I think maybe because they added lemon juice.  The dough was good though.  A bit dissapointed in my meal, but it filled me up.  I've had such great experiences every other time, that one set-back on one menu item won't turn me away.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had almost forgotten about this lunch option on Craig St. until my research lab came here for lunch recently.  Although I didn't pay for my food on this particular visit, I couldn't help but notice how incredibly economical the prices were!  Most of the entrees on the lunch menu were $5 or less.  Our table split one order of hummus and one order of baba ghanouj, and I had the syrian style chicken sandwich.  The hummus and baba were very tasty.  The syrian style chicken sandwich was more of a burrito than a sandwich... a burrito densely packed with deliciously spiced shredded chicken and oniony goodness!  It was a huge portion for lunch, a steal at only $5.95.  I could barely move after I had my share of the dips followed by this sandwich.The food here is decent and you get lots of bang for your buck. I deem this one of the better lunch options on Craig Street, though I guess that is not saying too much!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is definitely one of my favorite places in Oakland! I love the atmosphere and it's a great place for lunch.the wait staff is really nice and I feel like the owner is always here seating guests.  The food is absolutely delicious everything I've gotten here has so much flavor! And I can't get enough of the bread. I always ask for some to take home and they're always more then welcome to bag some up for me!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Nice middle-eastern place near CMU.I usually get the 'Vegetarian Special' which is box with rice, hummus and baba ganoush (and bread). They also have awesome 'Sleek' which is this awesome concoction of kale, onions and beans.. tried it for the first time today and loved it.The owner seems to really care about his food... always reminds me to hold box the right way when I get take-out.. seems like he really knows his middle-eastern food.Awesome place, but a bit on the pricier end, I could get a more diverse platter of food for cheaper at the middle-eastern truck at margaret morrison st.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good recipes, nice atmosphere, and an interesting menu are frequently ruined by inattentiveness in the kitchen.  Meats are often dry, tough, and overcooked, though the vegetarian options are still delicious.  Ali Baba is a place with a lot of potential, but it needs more skilled professionals behind the curtain.(Also, the water glasses are unusually small, requiring many refills and usually causing periods without water during a meal--you can ask for a bigger one, though, something I didn't learn until my third visit.)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My Pathetic lunch in all it's glory before a single bite. At least the portions of this 9 dollar lunch were tiny so I didn't have much to toss out after I tried it. Bland, over cooked and greasy. Just three tiny pieces of meat (about 1.5 bites total) and some canned peas in greasy tomato sauce. Greasy lettuce garnished with a single slice of tomato. They couldn't even bother to give me a fork despite asking for one twice. Not going back here again. Disgusting, they should be ashamed of serving such disgusting and overprice food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place has the best hummus in town!  Their menu offers a great variety of food that's always very fresh.  I usually get The Healthy Variety for lunch and I've never had a bad experience at this restaurant. If you go on your lunch hour, do it on a day where you can spend more than an hour at lunch bc the service is SLOW and the kitchen is even slower!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I cannot get enough of this place. My mother, aunt, and I used to meet here once a month to enjoy platters of Raw Kibbie,  Sleek, and all the Hummus and Pita Bread we could eat. My Aunt passed away about 4 years ago and my Mother and I just went back for the first time. The food was still delicious. I cannot get enough of the delicious food. The Raw Kibbie is a must try: it's raw lamb meat and it is to die for. If you like Sushi, you'd like this.The Sleek was prepared beautifully and the roving orders of Pita Bread just topped the whole meal.I am actually planning on grabbing take out from here for dinner at work tonight. Love it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've had food from Ali Baba before (lunch meetings and the like), and it's always been good, so tonight I went here for dinner with friends. While most dishes don't stand out as being better then other Middle Eastern restaurant, everything is good. We got hummus (lots of paprika and fennel, little oil), vegetarian grape leaves (standard, but always a fav), Fatoosh, spinach lentil soup, spinach pie (amazing), the fish entree, and a chicken entree. I didn't try either of the meat dishes, but everyone was really happy with what they got. All of this, six beers (they have no wine or liquor, you're welcome to bring your own bottle), and two desserts was $68. Total steal! The desserts were pretty amazing too. We got baklava, it wasn't too sweet, too nutty, or too sticky. A really nice balance between filling and phyllo dough. I don't remember the name of the other dessert, it was farina wrapped cheese with crushed pistachio and rose-something syrup. The cheese was the most mild I've ever had, and the syrup really stood out, flowery, but not too sweet. And for being a hole-in-the-wall kind of place, the service is good - attentive and nice, no dropping your check with the food or taking your order and then forgetting about you.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is without a doubt the best Middle Eastern in Pittsburgh. I've never ordered anything from the menu that I didn't enjoy. Be warned however , the website that you will be taken to to order out is not owned by this restaurant and the prices are significantly lower then what is on their menu . Still worth every penny.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Easily the best hidden gem in the area. The place might seem like a hole in the wall, but you cannot beat the food or the price. One of the best Middle Eastern restaurants in the area. My favorite is the a la carte option. Some of my favorites include the spinach and lentil soup, the spinach pie, and the falafel. The falafel is different from others in which it is one falafel topped with a thick tahini like spread. Two a la carte dishes are easily under $10, and you leave feeling full and happy for days. Great spot for a quite dinner! It is BYOB with a corking fee.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Perhaps I didn't order the right item, but I didn't think much of the chicken delight. Actually in hindsight, even the name of this item sounds suspiciously generic. In any case, the chicken and rice were both fairly unmemorable, as well as a bit expensive. In particular, the chicken was way over-sauced and the rice rather dry. The pita bread was pretty meh as well. And for some reason the waitress seemed a bit out of it (maybe because it was late and a cold day).Probably wouldn't come back here; I got a much better vibe from say Aladdin in Squirrel Hill.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great restaurant if you're in the market for middle eastern. The food is good, the portions are large, and the price is right. We've been going here many years and have never been disappointed. Be sure to try the baba and the kibbie!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I just got take-out from Ali Baba. We ordered a bunch of the a la carte items, and there was way too much food. As a note, their website menu prices have been raised by about 50 cents an item, but they're still rather reasonable. I also appreciated that they gave us a whole bag of pita bread to take home.I whole-heartedly recommend the baba ghanoush and muhammara. They have a chunky texture that makes you wonder if some grandma was pummeling walnuts in the back with a mortar and pestle. I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their dishes.The atmosphere inside the restaurant looked modern and a nice spot for a romantic dinner.Overall, Ali Baba is going to become a regular for take-out night at my house. I'd recommend picking up a couple large containers of their dips for your next party.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went for lunch with a few friends and had a good time. The prices are low for lunch specials, the service was great and the ambiance was very relaxing and welcoming.We shared a bunch of small plates and I really enjoyed the hummus and tabooli salad, something I've had many times and theirs was quite good. Two dishes I had never tried before and loved were the fatoosh (a salad similar to tabooli) and mohomara (a delicious spicy dip made with ground walnuts and paprika. It was so flavorful and meaty, it could fool any meat lover into thinking they're eating ground beef!)We also had a spinach pie and a meat pie with ground lamb. The dough was very flaky, but I was not thrilled by the spices in either pie.I would still give this place another try and explore some of their other dips and entrees.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I eat there about once a year, and I always wonder why I end up there. Generally, because I am with some vegetarian friends, and the restaurant is vegeterian friendly. It's also cheap, and the serviceis prompt. So, not everything is bad. But the food is sometimes decent, but usually mediocre, and some dishes are simply terrible (like the chickpea salad which I ordered by accident: take a can of chick pea, add a few quarters of tasteless tomato on it, a few bits of prepackaged salad, and some kind of humus-based (?) sauce, and here we go...).", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'m rather sad after two years of living in Pittsburgh I made my first visit to Alli Baba last night.I must say I was very impressed.  The dinner menu includes around 10 entrees and 15 "a la carte" items.  Everything I sampled of my friends was very tasty, well seasoned and very satisfying.  The hummus, baba ghanooj, salads and soups were all obviously made in house, not too garlicky but had a good punch of acidity that I often miss in this type of fare.If I was closer to Oakland I would frequent this place for lunch.  I feel like it is similar in quality to Istanbul for lunch, but crushes Istanbul\'s Larryville location for dinner, without question.Beer only, Wine is BYOB without a corkage from what I could tell.Lastly, @ Jenny.  I also had the Moussaka.  It was very tasty, and if you think something like this (or lasagna, souffle, etc) is not going to be reheated from a big platter they made earlier that day... you\'re fooling yourself.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is a great deal for the price, and very delicious, too (at least for most dishes). You will get large portions and pay little, if you choose from the a la carte menu instead of the platters. I would recommend getting a few a la carte items. The baba ghanooj is my favorite. So is the spinach and lentil soup, which has a very unique taste with lemon juice. So is the kibbe; one of the best I have had ever. So is the halwa bi-jibin (which is dessert made of dough, pistachios, and rose water). There was one point in time I was addicted to this dessert. The "healthy variety" and "vegetarian special" are combination dishes, which are even better deals. I usually replace the hummus in the special with baba ghanooj since I think their baba ghanooj is a lot better. Grape leaves are OK, but the veggie version is  not as good.The portions are large enough that if you get three items, you will likely have stuff to take home. And some items (dips) come with pita bread. I often take out from Ali Baba, and they have always been timely.My girlfriend says the open faced hummus pita is excellent, but Ihave not tried it. The only bad experience I had: mousakka is not real mousakka. It feels synthetic. Don\'t even try it.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If you ever been traveling in the Middle East you will be hardly disappointed ... Looked so forward to it but the food didn't had a lot of taste.", 'review_rating': None}]