Information about All India Restaurant{"businesses": [{"id": "P2uPCEBP2VZsApnvEHCgag", "alias": "all-india-restaurant-pittsburgh", "name": "All India Restaurant ", "image_url": "https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/5qBPCzsMmyFmKXj_Z_8JIQ/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/all-india-restaurant-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 289, "categories": [{"alias": "indpak", "title": "Indian"}, {"alias": "halal", "title": "Halal"}], "rating": 4.0, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.4521894, "longitude": -79.9525714}, "transactions": ["pickup", "delivery"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "315 N Craig St", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["315 N Craig St", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14126816600", "display_phone": "(412) 681-6600", "distance": 1199.1428486326956}], "total": 15, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Chicken Tikka,Chicken Tikka Masala,Palak Paneer,Butter Chicken,Tandoori Chicken,Chicken Curry,Goat Curry,Gulab Jamun,Vegetable Samosa,House Basmati Rice,Chicken Biryani,Chicken Vindaloo,
[{'review_text': 'Amazing food and service!! I was craving Indian food while we were visiting Pittsburgh.  This place does NOT disappoint!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Service was fast and so was the food!  Super chill ambiance and kinda gives mom and pops joint vibes.  I came in with a friend and we were seated immediately.  Although there was only one guy serving, he was very helpful and timely. They offer a free appetizer with a some kind of chip and dip.  I wish I knew the name (sorry) but it was really good.I ordered the lamb vindaloo and spice level of 8/10.  I was a bit disappointed that it wasn't that spicy and it was a little sweet.  However the meat was cooked to perfection.  My friend ordered some sorta fried chicken boneless pieces 8/10 in spice level and he said his plate was very spicy.  Either way we enjoyed our food and especially the fast service.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Tamarind is closed on Mondays, so we came up the street to All India. The lone server up front was very busy between take-out orders and people eating in, but we got excellent service. Come for the Indian rap music videos on flat-screen TVs, and stay for the delicious food: gratis crackers with the usual spicy and sweet dips; palak paneer; tandoori chicken (spicy!); peshawari naan; and of course mango lassi. We had enough leftovers for lunch the next day. Steps to enter, gender-segregated restrooms, free password-protected wifi, and limited free parking out front.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great buffet. Glad to find a lunch buffet still active after covid.  We got here as they were sitting the dishes out at the buffet. So everything was very fresh and hot.  We will be back next time in town for business. Price was good as well.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Nice copy Punjabi indian restaurant. Most dishes we had  were good, authentic taste with large portions', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food and service are both great! I always get the butter chicken and it NEVER disappoints. Ordering extra naan is a must for dipping. However... their prices have increased to the point that it's worth going elsewhere for actual authentic Indian food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I usually go for the buffet but a table for 2, and a gander selections; I am getting better at choosing but why do I love it so spicy  5 to 10 in spice and I'm crazy-happy the chef followed through on spice levels. Keep tasting delicious food", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'On a one night trip to the area, I figured searching for an Indian buffet was a prime idea. Luckily with a little research, the dinner buffet at All India popped up with good reviews and within a 15 minute drive of the hotel. Driving up, we parked on the side street, but there was a parking lot as well. With many coolers against the wall of beers and drinks, it looks like a good place for local and popular drinks to-go.We were sent to the back of the restaurant, the buffet in one corner and about 8-10 tables and booths for sitting. Not too crowded on a Monday night, but was the buffet overflowing with options! From good pieces of goat in the curry, to delicious palak and tikka masala, all the way to the salad bar and dessert options, there were enough options to end up at the buffet with full plates multiple times without making it down the line. Loved the garlic butter naan, palak, goat, chicken tikka, and the gulab jamun. Am I driving 4 hours to Pittsburgh for this buffet again in the future? Most definitely.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Ordered take out here for the first time in almost a year and we were pleasantly surprised! The menu changed a bit-the food was absolutely delicious! We will definitely be back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We had driven from Washington, DC to Pittsburgh last Friday, were tired and hot and just wanted something, anything, other than hotel food.  Our fellow travelers decided to join us at All India, and we were overwhelmed both by the service and the quality.  We had time to sit and relax, were immediately served (gratis) a plate of papadams with two dipping sauces, and the waiter graciously explained each of the entries we were interested in trying.  Food arrived and we were immediately immersed in the intense aroma of this savory Indian fare.  Our little group sampled biryani, chicken, lamb and goat, sharing the dishes family style.  The portions were surprisingly large, and we were in culinary heaven.  Then dessert arrived (also gratis), a delicious saffron rice pudding, perfect for concluding the meal.  On the downside, they are located over 200 miles from home, so just dropping by for dinner is out of the question.  We all agreed that if we lived in or around Pittsburgh, this restaurant would be on our permanent rotation.Couldn't be happier with All India!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "All India is now under new management and the menu has changed. They no longer have a buffet. But the food is excellent. I got my usual, Chicken Tikka Masala, which was a little different from how it is at other restaurants, but it was delicious. My dad got the Chicken Korma and loved his as well. In my experience, Indian restaurants can sometimes leave me feeling like I didn't get enough to eat, but we were both extremely satisfied with our meals here and will be returning.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Absolutely delicious, great quality food. Everything is good. Butter Chicken is perfect.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Having enjoyed Indian food in India and other countries, going to an Indian restaurant in the US is often a disappointment. Not tonight. Great, flavor-rich, authentic Indian at All India Restaurant. Check it out next time you're out that way.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The lamb byriani is the best meal I have ever had in Pittsburgh. Came here for Valentine's Day and the staff was really nice. Super quick service and there is never a wait! Great hidden gem! Would post pics of the food but I literally ate it all.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We decided on all India when looking for our first Indian lunch based on them having buttered chicken. Neither I or my significant other have eaten Indian before and we were anything but disappointed. The service here is outstanding, our Server Rasheed was very personable, friendly and genuinely concerned with how our experience was here. Without a doubt we will be frequent customers.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I always love the food at this place it's my favorite Indian restaurant here in Pittsburgh, but the setting isn't as great as it use to be. The dining area use to be towards the front with nice comfortable seating, dim lighting and a relax atmosphere but now it's more towards the back and it feels a bit stiff.But I love the food there is a good variety and they never disappoint. Always very nice and good customer service.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fast delivery - excellent food - nice ambience - very nice overall experience. will be back again soon.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We had great service and great Indian food when we visited this restaurant. The table next to us ordered tandoori, which was still crackling and smelled so awesome, that we ordered it. It was well seasoned and the meat was still moist. We also ordered pakora, samosa, biryani, palak paneer, and naan. Everything was delicious and we had yummy leftovers. I also wanted to give a shout out to the honest waitress and cashier as we accidentally left our credit card and was able to pick it up the next day.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "They don't respect allergies here. They have many things marked vegan on the menu but they aren't actually vegan. The veggie platter on Uber Eats has an option to mark it vegan but we called and they confirmed it comes with cheese. I don't trust any of their other allergen labels anymore. Also I had to wait 80 minutes after ordering my food for it to be ready, which was super annoying. The estimate was 30 minutes.2 stars instead of 1 because the food is truly delicious.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I had posted a 2 star review but it needed to be down graded because we all felt sick after eating here. Also I failed to say that a group of 10 people walked out because the buffet looked so bad. I wish I had better judgement - low food quality, high cost, poor atmosphere and then feeling sick after eating here all result in a well deserved bad review. What I find shocking is that this place has over 200 great ratings - this is the danger of crowd sourcing content- Yelp ratings maybnot reflect the experience- this is NOT a case of a bad day in the kitchen- this is a owner having no quality control and very poor tasting and not fresh food being served. Shame on All India for tricking customers into a bad over priced meal.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Solid, low-cost, no-frills Indian buffet. Expect almost no service beyond being seated and the occasional waitress water glass refill. But also expect a very large and tasty meal for very little money ($13.99 for all-you-can-eat). Located in North Oakland near Pitt, definitely has a student vibe.The food is genuinely good for such a low-key establishment. All of the dishes had really nice flavor. Some of my favorites were palaak paneer, vegetable biryani with okra, cauliflower/potato curry, and crispy fried fish hunks. The samosas were crispy wIth a small kick - great for an appetizer. They only have one dessert (gulab jamun), basically fried doughnut holes soaked in syrup with some cardamom flavor. You can also get refills of milky chai tea at the buffet.I tried to take some pics of the buffet line below. It is large! More options than I could capture on my phone.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Based on photos of the inside and good reviews my friend & I planned to go here for dinner. It looked nothing like the photos! The entryway carpet was dirty and the whole place was lit with bare fluorescent lights. There was no decor at all anywhere, just tables and booths. The buffet looked like it had been sitting for days; the food & sauces were partially filled and what was left was dried out, so we decided to order from the menu. The waiter brought us a bottle of water for the table but when I began to pour I noticed our glasses were absolutely filthy, with lip prints still on the edges! At that point we left and went to People's.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Let me just say that I was a bit skeptical of Indian food as I only had it once before.  I know there isn't anything wrong with it but I always steered clear of it.  However, All India has changed my mind about that.Finding a place to eat recently has become a real chore.  We both have dietary restrictions that we really have to do our research in order to find a place that can accommodate both of us.  Our luck brought us here, and our luck also brought us to a buffet.I had never been here before so I had no idea that they do have a very small parking lot located up front as well as street parking.  If you do choose to park out front just be mindful of the limited space and you may have to squeeze to get in and out of your vehicle.  Walking in I was impressed at the decor.  It looks very elegant and authentic in here.  The televisions are broadcasting Indian music videos which made it feel even more authentic.Once inside you are greeted and led to a seat and the rest is kind of do it at your own pace.  The servers are constantly circling the restaurant to make sure to clear away the plates and to make sure your cup is filled.The buffet has a lot to offer, so if you are like me and a bit skeptical about the food, but that to the side.  I enjoyed everything I tasted off here.  My favorite thing was the Chicken Tiki Masala.  Every time I went to the buffet I made sure I got some of that.  I also enjoyed the spinach and cheese, curried potato and cauliflower, and the cheese and lotus seed balls.Dessert was amazing as well.  The cheese balls in syrup was amazing.  Those things tasted like pancakes and made me want more.  I see a return visit in my future.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "7.1/10Chicken tikka masala: good flavor, good level of spiciness; good creaminess, not too little, not too much; all flavor went together pretty well; chicken seems like it had been frozen before as most of it was pretty dry, didn't absorb much of the flavor of the tikka masala; good portion with the chickenGarlic naan: no real flavor at all, disappointing considering with copious garlic and butter, it should have tons of flavor; could be a lot more crisp and less soggy; overall, a decent dip for the tikka masala, though (6.3/10)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We ordered takeout from here and it was delicious!!! Felt a little stingy on the meat, but we cooked up more meat the next night and let it simmer in the sauce to make another delicious meal. We ordered way to much rice which made a nice side for dinners the next few nights. Would highly recommend for takeout!!!! We had the Chicken Tikka Masala & Chicken Vindaloo.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food is excellent and service is great. It's my favorite Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fantastic dishes and the naan was delicious. I ordered a 5 on the spice scale and it came out hotter than I expected but that was my fault. Great tasting food and quick pick up time, just go 1-2 under what you think you would get spice level wise', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Was very happy going here. It smells amazing just being in the parking lot. When we came it we were the only ones there and the service was quick and friendly.The buffet was unfortunately not open due to COVID restrictions but I ended up being very happy with what I ordered regardless.I ordered the "Vegan Lovers" Platter which is number 113. It did not come with a Salad, Paratha or Sooji Halwa as advertised but it did come with the Vegetable Samosa, Dal, Rice, Aloo Matar Curry, Veggie Jalfrezi, and Nan bread. The price was really good at 14 dollars considering how much variety it came with and considering the fact that everything was delicious and there was so much food I was able to take some home as leftovers.Still, it would have been nice having a dessert and salad which would have helped balance out the meal, or to simply have changed the menu so that future customers don\'t find themselves expecting something that won\'t come.Even though it was not accurately advertised, I found myself loving everything it did come with. I did not think the paratha was needed anyway because it already came with the samosa and naan bread. My favorite part was the Aloo Matar Curry.Would love to come back here again!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food here is ridiculously good. Specifically the Butter Chicken, Tikka Masala, and Lacha Paratha bread. So why am I giving 1-star? The sanitary practices at this restaurant leave me feeling like I licked the toe end of a boot (from the *inside*). The first time I ordered, there was a long piece of hair in my Tikka. No problem, I laughed it off and ate it anyway. I got a bad stomachache. Whatever. I order again two days later - yes, it's THAT good. I walked in to pick up my order, and I noticed the cashier was also the guy scooping the rice. What?This man was touching cash, swiping his many (visibly greasy) tablets, then digging his hands into a vat of rice - OUR vat of rice. Goddamn.The icing on top was that he was COUGHING every 3 minutes as he scooped. I take a peek behind the counter. Not a single chef donned gloves. At one point, they even got their thumb in my Tikka. It was evident by the scooper's nonchalance while coughing in the rice; it's probably been a while since anyone has witnessed a drop of soap near their digits.I'm not going to lie. I ate it anyway, but my god, this place NEEDS to get a sanitary inspection. You are playing Russian roulette with your colon. In this era of COVID, you are playing Russian roulette with your lungs / life too. I'm begging you guys at All India. I can't go any longer without your Butter Chicken. Please fix your sanitation policy.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Better than average Indian takeout. Prices are truly fantastic and the portions are more generous than at most other Indian restaurants. Also, they have some unique offerings as well, such as sooji halwa, shahi tutti fruity, madras curry, lobster vindaloo, and so on. I got the salmon tikka masala, aloo tikki, naan, and sooji halwa.The salmon tikka masala was quite creamy. Had a great portion of fish in the curry and the sauce was not too spicy or overwhelming! Plus, the rice portion it was served with was equally huge. Aloo tikki was pretty good too, nicely fried and came in a great portion too.The naan was very fluffy and was a great size. Paired very well with the creamy sauce. The sooji halwa was interesting. Honestly, when I first saw it, it looked a bit like grainy cinnamo-ish sticks soaked in a syrup. Pretty strange to me. However, when I heated it up, the flavor was actually pretty good, sweet, but not overwhelmingly so. It was not very creamy, nutty, or similar to Middle Eastern halva. There was oil dripping from it after I heated it up, though.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My entire family fell sick after eating their food. Never again.Don't this they maintain hygiene up to the level they should. Watch out and be careful.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I ordered food from here through a third party delivery service, (Postmates). My food arrived on time and was still hot. The Palak Paneer was perfectly seasoned and creamy. I also got an order of samosas. They were SO delicious. The veggies inside were quite flavorful and there was a nice dusting of spices on the outside. It came with a side of mint sauce that you can tell is made fresh. I will definitely eat their food again. It was a satisfying and comforting meal. Also very reasonably priced for the amount of food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'It is probably worst Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh! And I have tested most of them . I ordered chicken curry  was charged 14 bucks. The curry was horrible and stale . God knows when they cooked this chicken ? And not sure why , there was literally 5 piece of small chicken along with oil infested curry . I had to toss out the dish..', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "It's high time I leave a review for this restaurant. I ordered take out from this place twice. I was not disappointed on either occasions. First time around I ordered navratan korma and dal makhani with garlic naan. The naan was simply delicious! The portions were huge and tasty. This time, I got chicken tikka masala and Kashmiri pulao. The tikka masala taste was standard, although, I must add the chicken was a bit dry and rubbery. The pulao was bland and I needed a side dish or gravy to eat it with. The food quality and quantity seems consistent. Next time around, I'll plan to dine in", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordered delivery from here as my normal go to (peoples) was closed and was very pleasantly surprised! For starters they don't joke about their spice level. We got medium and I love spicy food and am very glad we didn't get hot. Fave dish was gobi Manchurian. They also te-heated perfectly Im the air fryer. Lamb Saag- good meat portion. Great flavor. Madras chicken - new dish for me. tasted like South Indian chicken. Sauce tasted like the coconut green sauce from dosas with a kick. Overall will order from here again for sure amd try out some of the non-traditional dishes...", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Meh food. We ordered samosa Chaat, bhel puri and Amritsari fish. Too much salt and sweet sauce in Chaat and bhel puri.Also who puts additional sauted onions in samosa Chaat? Asked for samosa chat not alo sabzi!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "All India has been my go to for Indian food recently. They're incredibly fast, like a half hour tops, for takeout orders even when I use a delivery service. I've enjoyed almost everything I've ordered. Their veg korma wasn't my favorite but I love any paneer dish & their samosas!! I crave the samosas at least once a week. I also appreciate the large menu and plenty of vegetarian options. I'd recommend to anyone looking for some authentic and reasonably priced Indian food!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'If you are an Indian grad student stuck in Pittsburgh, away from home for the first time and craving for Indian food real bad. Welcome to All India.This is a buffet place with some good options. My recommendation is go at night cause I found the food much better than lunch time. Also show them your grad school ID to get a discount. My only complaint is the food has never been consistently well made. Some days its just really good and some days its just so so. Hence my 3 star rating. And  I really wish they played better Indian music :/', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Still sanitary but degrading in quality.  The restaurant feels like the owner is off doing something else.  Still like the food but it's essentially the same thing every day, sometimes they do switch it up, but the enthusiasm I had for this place the first months is gone.  Would like to hear that they've got some new groove in their step with special events or themed buffets, but it's a place I'll go when I go there, instead of my go-to place.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Review is from perspective of their buffet. Haven't had anything besides buffet, and it's one of the best deals around. $13 I believe. Fun interior, Bollywood videos were playing on the teles both times I was there.Not the fanciest spot, so manage your expectations, but great for what it is", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Seriously the best Indian food in the city! No buffet for now, so my top tip is to try their PIZZA!!! It's like a delicious Indian meal on top of naan bread, plus mozzarella to hold it together. Sounds odd, but so delicious.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I loved this buffet!All India is one of the most vegan friendly buffets I\'ve ever been to. Everything is labeled "Vegan," "Vegetarian," or "Gluten Free." It was super helpful! The staff is kind and courteous. Will definitely be back. I loved their garlic naan and chana masala. They were seasoned perfectly and super delicious. The buffet had a huge array of salads, chicken dishes, rice, samosas and breads.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I just had delivery from Postmates, and the Mango Chicken Curry was absolutely, hands down, the best Indian curry I've had in Pittsburgh. So many layers of flavor, I could feel the love. They get the spice level right too, we ordered the curry a lvl 6, and chicken Manchurian a lvl 9, and they delivered. Will definitely be back!The Manchurian Chicken was great too!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'People are great, food is great and price is great!!! The employees are so kind and the food is phenomenal. I highly recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So delicious. We were in Pittsburgh visiting my daughter and we picked up take out and took it to the park. Everything was amazing. Chai was great too. We had chicken tikka Masala, chana Masala, and something similar to Mater Paneer.Rice was expertly cooked. Excellent naan. Would go back for sure.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Unfortunately the quality have gone down tremendously in the past year or so. The buffet quality is inconsistent. The bathrooms could be cleaner and on one visit the wash basin sink was clogged and won't drain. That was gross. Floor service in particular is bad. They have a server there who just walks around giving slow creepy death looks to anyone she doesn't know or maybe to people she doesn't know well. She also hardly picks up any plates. I have no idea but I noticed that on two separate visits and it's creepy. Are we supposed to tip for that freak show too?. My advice to management: if you can't hire someone who has basic customer service skills and general curtesy . Not asking for face smile but also no need to be rude for no reason, better then not to hire anyone. Also please give care to bathroom cleanliness and the wash sinks.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered Uber eats, so I don't judge here by temp or presentation. It wasn't terrible, but wasn't very good. The shahi tutu fruity was too sweet for me, not a bad taste, but becomes sickening to eat when I'm essentially just spooning the cream into my mouth since aside from that it is some few canned pears bits swimming in it. The Aloo Tikki Chaat I was most disappointed about because I had it before at Kabab & Curry Restaurant and absolutely loved it, but this one was too watery, too few ingredients, and had just a big thick and mushy but dense lentil/potato (maybe?) patty plopped in the middle of this little bowl, taking up most of the bowl. It tasted mostly bland and a bit spicy cause of the patty I think. The rest of it tasted ok I guess. The vegetable pakora had a overpowering taste of 1 spice, which I didn't enjoy the taste of. The mango juice I liked. Tasted exactly like a drink version of the mango cream in the Shahi Tutu Fruity though it tastes very sugary like it so I'd personally beware of the calories and treat it like a milkshake. Paneer pakora was the only thing I enjoyed along with the sauces, though I only got 1 paneer pakora so, quite overpriced I mean, $8.99 for a piece of fried cheese the size of a couple chicken tenders?.. Otherwise, the prices are quite fair for the potions, but doubt I'd buy again even so since it's just not very good. Wish I took pics but I was starving", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came here to get some food late after a long day of moving, and it was just what we needed. We got the baingan bharta, vegetable jalfrezi, and aloo gobi. Portions were pretty large, everything tasted fresh, and as far as takeout Indian goes, not super greasy. Great late night food in a pinch, would recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is a go-to for Indian foe me. I would describe it as solid, a B+. I have had a little bit of trouble with ordering online - - one time my order did not make it to them and there was a long wait for the food. But otherwise, the food service have been very good.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Staple for Friday night take out! We always ask for extra spicy and they never disappoint!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place used to be busy and GOOD, not sure how quickly it changed but it is filthy and the buffet was actually cold today! Yikes, it has old dried out rice, and bad cold food now. So sad. Avoid for a $14 lunch buffet in an empty dirty dining room with cleaning supplies thrown on the floor.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "On a regular weekday I landed in Pittsburgh. The restaurant has decent reviews so we thought to eat here before starting our journey. My experience was generally all right as it provide good service, and variety in their buffet however, the taste was missing. A few dishes were okay so you won't leave empty stomach. Almost all gravy dishes were oddly sweet. They can work on the spice level without making dishes sweet otherwise the ambience and service are up for a good restaurant. I liked their desserts and are posted.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Had the lunch Buffet today (starts at 11:30), food was very good. I will say it's not very spicy (catering to the local palette) cost $12.99, very good deal!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "All India is arguably the best Indian food place in Pittsburgh. I started going there about 3 years (pre COVID) they use to have a bomb buffet ! Unfortunately due to Covid they shut the buffet down, but that doesn't stop them from pump out the best Gulab Jamun, Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Lamb, you name it. If you ask me which dish you should try, I hope you have time, because by the end of it you'll want to try every single delicious dish on their menu. The staff is also beyond kind & the chefs are the best at their craft hands down. Always a pleasure to eat their, also every time I go it just tastes better and better.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is one of the best Indian restaurants in Pittsburgh. The buffet is well prepared and plentiful. There is such a great variety that a person who doesn't know the kinds of dishes they like will certainly get the opportunity to explore many tastes and variations. Parking can be a bit tricky but at least there are no meters to pay. Wonderful wonderful and well priced. Just a small look at the huge variety available.These sweet treats make a great finish to your meal.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'When in Pittsburgh we always stop by our friends at All India!Good Indian food and prices.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is my favorite Indian buffet in all of Pittsburgh. I only get the buffet here, which is the largest, cleanest buffet I've been to. Vegetarian options galore! My favorites at the buffet (though I believe you should try a little of everything)!-Hot chai tea-Appetizer bar sauces: get the fried veggie fritter balls and pour the red, brown, and green sauces / chutneys on them. -Chicken tikka masala-Poori (fried puffy bread) and naan (bread in the back)-Aloo gobi (fried cauliflower)- saag paneer (cooked spinach )- biryani with nuts and raisins Sometimes they chance the buffet up in terms of variety, but this is what I come for!The service has an attitude, or resting grump face. Pay at the counter. Don't leave too much wasted food on your plate or they may threaten to charge you a wastefulness fee. I love the Bollywood music videos they play here, but this last time I went, I was bummed because the music of the restaurant was not the music that matched up to the music videos.  More dancing!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went with a friend today for lunch and was seated right away. We both did the buffet which was expansive and had a lot of dishes to offer, all labeled/with descriptions which was very helpful. They had an expansive number of vegetarian dishes which was great. Dessert and chai tea was also included in the buffet price. The service was great. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and can't wait to go back! Extra fun touch-they had Bollywood movies playing on several screens which was fun to watch/listen to the music.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Pretty good $10 lunch buffet. This place was more crowded than I thought; a lot of people here for lunch on a Saturday. They have a bunch of different buffet options and a good number of different curry options. Definitely try their turmeric rice! They're pretty on top of making sure your glass of water is full, but be sure to get the masala chai! Mmm. Taste | 3.5Atmosphere | 3Presentation | 3 Service | 3OVERALL | 3.5", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I have ordered take-out food from this Indian restaurant a few times. My usual order is butter chicken, vegetable samosa, garlic naan, and basmati rice, and sometimes I order another dish such as chicken tikka masala or malai khofta. I like my food mildly to moderately spicy, and this restaurant prepares the food accordingly. The food is nowhere near the best that I have ever eaten (I struggle with finding excellent Indian food in Pittsburgh), but it does taste good. And delivery is on time.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordered a couple of curry dishes (via Grubhub) and they sent me the wrong dish. We're vegetarians and they had sent us lamb. This in itself is fine, it happens. But when I asked them to correct the situation, the individual who answered the phone blamed the driver and then told me to drive the wrong food back to the restaurant--as if what? They were going to reserve the food? I made it clear to him that we had opened the containers and stuck utensils in them. This made me wonder what kind of storage/sanitary practices this restaurant had. Not taking issue with the mistake, or with the driver.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "BUFFET ALL DAY! Okay, I don't actually know if it's all day, everyday, but my husband and I were so excited when we realized that our favorite Indian food delivery source also has a dinner buffet, because we get powerful hankerings for Indian. I liked the interior right away, because it has a warm and cozy feel with the dark wood, lighting, and Bollywood videos playing on the tv. I can't speak to the authenticity of any dishes; I just know that I enjoy having such variety, and that it tastes good to me. Service was fine, though the bathroom wasn't the cleanest. All in all, though, this will remain our top fave for delivery, and an occasional buffet treat when we feel like having a little bit of a lot of things.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Had curry goat there over a month ago. I'm from out of town. I live in the Northern Virginia,DC and Maryland area. The curry goat was fantastic. They even have levels on how hot you want your entree. The waiter and staff were very nice and polite. When I come back up to Pittsburgh. I will be coming  back to this restaurant.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'All India is to me the best Indian Restaurant in the City of Pittsburgh. Their buffet has the most options from any other Indian buffet I have been to here. I personally appreciate the massive vegetarian, vegan, and meat options. The food is always fresh, flavorful, and simply delicious. If your a beginner at Indian food I recommend eating here for your first time because there are enough options to allow you to sample multiple things.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "WORST MANAGEMENT AND FRONT DESK ATTENDANT Today being Diwali we chose to order from All India Restaurant at North Craig, Pittsburgh, PA, and we wanted to have a small celebration at home as we couldn't do anything due to pandemic. There are quite a few restaurants around where we live but we decided to go with All India. The order was placed at 6.15 over the phone and we were given a pick up time of 8p. We go there at 8.20p and the front desk representative (a girl) first could not find the order and then said the order in not ready. They have been too busy and they did not have the time to get our order done and we have to wait. So getting the order made at that time as they had not even started would take at least another 30-45 minutes as we had ordered 3 entree's, naan, tandoori roti. So we decided to cancel the order and leave. So we left but at the same time we had to find another restaurant and with the pandemic we did not know which restaurants would stay open as it was almost 8.30p. We had to invest our time to find a restaurant and then spend extra time to go, order food, wait for the order to be ready and then get back home. Meanwhile I decided to call All India and as I started speaking with the front desk,  the girl said she couldn't  do anything and said if I want I could talk to the supervisor or owner which I couldn't hear well as there was so much of noice. After a while one guy starts to talk and as I begin to tell him about what happened  he says he is too busy and if I could call back in 30 mins and hung up. So in 30 mins (Around 9.10p) I call and as I said if that was the way they deal with their customer, this person says there is nothing they could have done as they were too busy and said there is no point going back (as I was telling him what happened) and said they can make the order and if we could go and pick it up in another 30 mins. So they are not even apologetic and no consideration that we have to drive again.So is this the way they treat customers. They do not even have the courtesy to apologize rather than being extremely rude. And the audacity the girl and this person has to rudely say they cannot do anything and do not take any responsibility even after saying that we have a kid at home and we now have to go and get food from another place.All they could say was they cannot do anything.They SPOILT the little fun we were looking forward to on this day of Diwali. And more so they should consider fortunate that people are trying to SUPPORT their restaurant even in this pandemic.And at the end this guy even had the nerves to say that if we wanted to write a review we should feel free to write a review. As I told him that they should compensate, he just hung up the phone. SO HERE I AM WRITING THIS REVIEWDISGRACE TO ALL INDIA RESTAURANT ON NORTH CRAIG STREET, PITTSBURGH, PA. WORST MANAGEMENT AND FRONT DESK ATTENDANT. THIS WAS OUR LAST TIME AND WE WILL SPREAD THE NEWS ABOUT THEIR WORST SERVICE AND ATTITUDE. WE ARE INDIAN AND WE ARE ASHAMED TO EVEN THINK ABOUT SUCH AWFUL ATTITUDE.BEWARE... THEY DO NOT CARE", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Not bad tasting but not exceptional Indian food. I got the vegetable biryani, cheese naan, and a side of mint chutney. The veggie biryani was like rice pilaf with curry tossed in. The only veggies were mixed frozen veggies. Literally it's the bag you find in the freezer aisle with peas, corn, carrots, and lima beans. Weird and not great. It also did not have any raisins or nuts like it states. The raita that comees with it was good. Typical raita. The mint chutney was... eh. A little bland for me but not awful. The cheese naan was good and bad. There were some charred parts that were really yummy. The less cooked bits were only ok. I've actually never had cheese naan before, only plain and garlic. The texture was way different than I was used to. Thicker. But that might be because it's cheese, not sure. It also took about 25 min longer to get delivered to me than initially quoted. So all in all, pretty average experience. Definitely would NOT get the veggie biryani again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I would give All India's buffet 3.5 starts.In terms of a India buffet the taste is great.  They have a wide variety of items and the flavors are good and exactly what I expect.  They have your standard items like vindaloo, peas with panneer, chicken tika masala, samosas, etc.  They also have things that are not standard and quite tasty (I must admit that my knowledge of Indian food is quite limited).I would say I dock this restaurant for 3 mains things.  First, service.  Our water glasses were regularly empty and we waited for a bit to grab a table (despite their being few people in the restaurant).  We were seated at a booth, though we would have preferred a table, and were never really given the opportunity to deviate.  Secondly and related, the booth was incredibly uncomfortable.  My seat had no cushioning and springs pressing into my bum.  My dining companion hit his head on the lighting fixture over the table, and he is not a very tall individual.  Lastly, I recognize we got there around 8pm on a Friday, but they were quickly running out of food on the buffet and not replacing.  That is a big frustration at a buffet when you have a limited diet.Overall good, but be strong in choosing where to sit, and go during prime buffet times.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "All India is a solid place if you're looking for an Indian buffet. $13 for dinner really can't be beat! They have a nice variety of vegetarian, vegan, gluten free, and meat dishes that are always kept pretty well stocked. I particularly like their matar paneer and bhindi masala. I took off a star just because the service is a little lacking, but for a buffet it isn't bad. I also wish they'd use cups that can fit more than 3 sips of water. The goblet type cups that they use are cool, but tiny. All around though, definitely check out All India if you're looking to stuff yourself with some delicious Indian food!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very bad experience the rice is microwaved and the chicken is rotten worst Indian food I've ever tasted never going to eat from this restaurant againThe price was 63$ !!! It worth 10$", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great lunch buffet, delicious food and great Chai. Love the Pappadam. Not much care is given to cleaning tables once a customer has left, so it's often hard to find a clean table to sit at, even when we're the only customers present. Sometimes it's evident that someone made a half-hearted attempt to clean, but couldn't be bothered to actually clean the whole thing. So that needs work. But the food tastes great!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I made a mistake of ordering the dosa in a to go order and understandably was not too impressed, but even then the chutney and sambhar were very good. I also had the chicken tikka masala and naan, and both were also surprisingly good, and accurate on the spicy scale. Additionally, it was really amazing to be able to get decent quality Indian food at midnight, delivered via Postmates in a timely manner', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After reading all the reviews, we decided to try it for a lunch buffet. It was a week day and it was really meh. The only things o could eat were chana batura and golabjamun. We drove 30 mins to try this, wasn't worth really! But the staff was polite, that why gave a 3 star", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Found this in my Channa Masala. Food was great, but had I not felt this twisted metal wire before swallowing I could be in the hospital right now. Really sucks because it takes a lot for me to not give a restaurant at least a 4 star review just for being open & trying to survive during COVID, but I feel obligated to write this so that no one else gets hurt. I understand that things happen so I might remove this depending on how the restaurant handles it. But for anyone reading this before ordering I just advise you to be careful.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food was not good at all! I'm shocked of all the reviews! We went there couldn't eat and paid for only placing food on our plates and tasting it! If you don't care about quality and just want quantity this is the place for you.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I order several dishes from this restaurant, it was mouth watering and fresh, especially naan, my best, and the curry, and item you order, they are tasty and deep in with sauce, great place to order in and out, and the most experience chef Sirje::Definitely my place of order: see you again.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My favorite Indian restaurant in the city that stays open until 1a.m. I have many favorites like lamb curry or grilled salmon salad. But my go to is the vegetable Samosa. It's big and filling.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I really hate to say it, because I used to like this place, but it has gone downhill. Abysmal. As other people have said, they have really let their standards slide probably because of the college students from around Oakland. I know when I was a college student I didn't care if a place was greasy dirty or if there was a mouse running across the floor. In fact a restaurant I used to eat all the time, that's exactly what you would see is a mouse running across the floor, and the cat was often right behind it. But that's another story. I digress. No actually this place used to rock, big time, but now they're just nasty and greasy. In fact the last time I was in there a couple of weeks ago, I almost could skate across the floor there was such a surface of grease. The table I sat at also had a layer of grease on it. My elbows slid. Now I don't know about you, but that's a real turn turn-off for me. The food is decent, but you just can't eat there it's so nasty. In my opinion the only solution would be to shut the place down for a few days to a week and get some heavy-duty detergent and a power washer and just clean the place head to toe. It's that bad.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fantastic food and really nice people. One of my favorites! I really enjoy the malai Kofta, one of my favorite dishes. The soup and naan is also really good. I've ordered through third party delivery apps and has been consistently excellent.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Gave me intense diarrhea afterwards. If you're looking for a stomachache then this is the place. Taste is still good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came to this spot my friend recommend for me ! I'm from California & this is my first time actually trying Indian food ! It was so delicious! I can't wait to go visit again ! Also loved the customer service!:)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "BYOB.  Lunch Buffet is scrumptious and priced right.They have an extensive menu with a huge amount of gluten free and vegan options but their lunch buffet was irresistible. There's a large amount of choices on the buffet and I think I tasted every one of them.  Fresh fruit and salad, chai tea, paneer, lentil soups, currys of chicken and goat and lots vegetables, stews, naan bread, chutneys, dumplings, and desserts.  The spices were spot on and everything was so flavorful.  I was impressed at how many items were offered.  They also clearly note gluten free and vegan dishes. The dining room was very clean and spacious.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  Enjoyable.They have 3 parking spots and you would be lucky to get one.  This whole area has on street parking, up a side street would be your best bet of finding a spot.  The food is worth the parking hassle.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Warning: NO customer wifi available!... despite the wifi signal on and the advertising here that they provide wifi, when I asked for the password I was told 'not available for customer' Kinda tanked why I went here for lunch and forced me to motor through so I could get to a signal and do what I needed to do.That said mediocre lunch buffet, I'd love more meat options frankly. Tried the goat and chicken dishes that, given the ratty state of the signage, must be the daily lunch fare. Not bad, mildly spicy and certainly was filling. I'd eat here again but just realize folks the wifi is hit or miss at best and parking is rough.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food at the buffet was not hot. There were a couple of flies landing on the food at the buffet. The breaded mushroom dish was hard as a rock and barely could chew it. The Tandori chicken was tough and not even warm. The Naan bread was good and so was the flavor of the goat curry dish. Based on the flies and temperature of the food ...that alone would keep me from coming back for a second visit.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We went there for lunch buffet . They had tons of vegetarian options.Sarso saag and makke ki roti was really good .So was suji halwa for desert.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'They offer both lunch and dinner buffet without a break between which is great. The food was fresh and tasty. I love Indian style foods, especially naan and mango lassi. Curries were also traditional Indian style and were hot and ready for guests to eat. Waiters were nice and would tell you and bring you a new plate of food. Recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Solid Indian food especially for the price. I had the chicken saag and although it wasn't mind blowing, it hit the spot - and I think that's all you can ask for at this price point. It's a good deal. The naan was excellent too.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Some friends and I were hanging out and decided to put in a big, late night order with All India through UberEats. I had tried to order from them before; I'd placed an order, then 45 minutes later it was just...cancelled. I was miffed, considering I was expecting a delivery by that point. I wasn't really excited about the prospect of attempting another order with them, but it was late, their delivery fee was low, and we were all in agreement that Indian food was cool with the crew, so we went with it. Things arrived and weren't packaged great; there was sauce all over the containers where one of the entrees had leaked. Two friends each ordered the butter chicken and were satisfied. I had the chana masala and was not a fan. Chana masala is my go-to at Indian restaurants, and I am a low spice level folk. I generally order a 1 on a 5 scale and a 2 on a 10 scale. This was a 2 on a 10 scale and definitely seemed like more of a 6 or 7. The flavor was not like any other chana masala I'd had either, and it wasn't great.I doubt I'll make another order with All India when People's is around and hasn't failed me yet.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went back today. Everything is still super tasty.I read the other review about the goat being chewy... I don't eat meat so, I know nothing about that, but I have brought several different people here and everyone thinks it's good.The service seems to have a few kinks that still need to be worked out, but if you just ask someone (anyone) they are all more than willing to help you.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Incredible. Everything about the place is incredible. The food was delightful. The location has character. And it's open waaaaay late. This is a jewel in the guts of Pittsburgh.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Super good food!!! I crave it so much back in Iowa.. quite a few choices and they are very good. Will be back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Don't order off door dash. There is 3 people here waiting for their food. Asked and said they didn't see it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is the largest Indian buffet I've seen in pittsburgh. A friend of mine recommended All India and the Taj Mahal as the best indian places in pittsburgh. I think she's right. I'm not sure which one is better though. Will probably have to go a few more times to decide. What I can say for sure is that this place has more options. There were lots of vegetarian options and meat options as well. I came in for the lunch buffet on a Saturday and for $11.99 it's not a bad deal. My favorites on the buffet was the curry goat and the paneer spinach. Will go back for sure soon!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food is delicious it's very well seasoned,  burst of flavors with every bite will be eating here again", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Tried the buffet at All India - probably the largest Indian buffet I've seen (and they have it for lunch and dinner, 7 days a week)! An unbelievable amount of vegetarian options (which is always a plus for me) with all the classics you'll be hoping for and plenty of options you may not have tried before. I enjoyed the experience at All India from start to finish. Though their buffet seems to be very popular, there were plenty of take out orders going on. They have a very small lot in front, but for Oakland, street parking is relatively easy to find. Worth a trip!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been to all of the Indian Restaurants in Pittsburgh. ALL INDIA is the BEST of them all. Hands down. Their buffet selection is the best there is in the entire city. Loooove the goat curry especially. I'm an Indian foodie and this restaurant is one of the best things about Pittsburgh. I don't even bother with Tamarind across the street, People's India, or any other place nearby. (Tamarind doesn't even have free chai for buffet.) Sometimes they bring you FRESH hot naan to the table (especially during busy hours). My Indian friends that go with me rave about the food here too, so, go figure!I literally go to eat there every week so I think it speaks for itself. One thing I noticed is they've been cutting back on selections a little (they used to have mango lassi with buffet, etc) but I think it's because they are keeping the value very high without price gauging.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Awful customer service. We ordered a mango lassi that we never got but was included on the check. When I asked the waiter about it, he told me to go talk to someone in the back of the restaurant. The man who I talked to rudely said "you should speak up and remind us" even though the waiter had written down the order. The restaurant was not busy at all when we went. We had three different waiters. The waiter who brought our check over lingered at the table and kept asking for a cash only tip. Would not recommend this place.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I used to have an Indian restaurant I frequented weekly, sadly it closed down.  It took some time - but a friend finally discovered All India that was pretty equivilant to my old restaurant.At many Indian restaurants - there is a TON of oil in the food.  It "floats to the top" and just sits there.  At All india - there is no oil making a mess in your food.  All India is the best Indian buffet I\'ve had in Pittsburgh.  In all honesty - I have NO doubt that their regular/non-buffet food is fantastic.  I don\'t frequent All India enough - but when I do the service is impeccable, the food is phenomenal and it\'s just all around perfection.  They have a HUGE variety for vegetarians/vegan and meat eaters alike.  They have all the food clearly labeled and an abundance of naan.  Whether you go for lunch or dinner - All India will never disappoint - You will always leave fulfilled with some scrumptious food and tea!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "All India has a solid lunch buffet and I was happy to find that they also do dinner buffet. They have a very large selection of items and it's pretty good for vegetarians too. I prefer All India to Tamarind for  buffet because of the larger selection and bigger space - it's always easy to get a table. I have also gotten takeout quite a few times - chicken saag and chicken tikka masala are pretty good. The biryani was okay, but I've had better.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I found a band-aid in my food tonight, and the manager just shrugged it off, saying there's only so much they can do to control contamination of their buffet food. Worst part? The manager didn't even make the effort to see what was going on besides quickly taking away the plate with the chewed-out band-aid. He just kept sending over the poor waitress who would relay nonsensical excuses like 'oh it must have been paper' or 'it could have slipped off another customer so we can't do anything about that.' When I went up to confront the manager, he kept repeating how he doesn't know what I want him to do about it. Take my words or leave it, that's up to you--but the owner of this restaurant clearly doesn't take potential health hazards seriously. Does this place have good food? Yes. Is it worth the possibility of ingesting a band-aid that came off of someone? I don't think so.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Mediocre Indian food with horrifying customer service. The server was extremely rude to everyone in the restaurant. It was a buffet, which meant there was very little that the waiter could do to upset the experience - and he managed to hit all the right spots with little effort ! When asked for water well into the meal ( there were no water glasses on the table to begin with ) , the waiter was visible annoyed and told us that he was one person running the show and we would have to wait ( there were other servers there - and why would you seat someone , serve them spicy food and not give them water ! ) . When asked for the used plates to be cleared out from the table so we could get seconds his reply was - you just got your water - wait ! So we ended up eating from stacked plates just because we did not want to get yelled at! He was equally rude to other customers as well ( when someone told him there were no plates at the buffet  table , he said well they are washing them now, you ll have to wait - there is nothing I can do about it ) . All this for a below average Indian buffet ! I can't believe someone from the service industry could treat a paying customer this way !", 'review_rating': None}]