Information about BAO (Pitt){"businesses": [{"id": "6Az5aA5sdrqwfJjnS8TROQ", "alias": "bao-pittsburgh", "name": "Bao", "image_url": "https://s3-media1.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/oxFrFkialWwcm6ww4KwQ_A/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bao-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 197, "categories": [{"alias": "taiwanese", "title": "Taiwanese"}, {"alias": "noodles", "title": "Noodles"}, {"alias": "dimsum", "title": "Dim Sum"}], "rating": 4.0, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.44123665182891, "longitude": -79.95801470314531}, "transactions": ["pickup", "delivery"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "114 Atwood St", "address2": null, "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["114 Atwood St", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14124360068", "display_phone": "(412) 436-0068", "distance": 262.58381972290147}], "total": 13, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Handmade Pork Soup Dumpling,Pan Fried Radish Cake,Pork Buns,Steamed Dumplings Platter,Popcorn Chicken,Singapore Style Thin Rice Noodles,Piggy Cream Custard Buns,Taiwan Basil Chicken,Japanese Style Fried Pork Over Rice,Cucumber Salad,Pork Belly Slider,Cantonese Style Flat Noodles,Steamed Crystal Shrimp Dumplings,Lo Mein,Cantonese Style Chicken Feet,Chongqing Dry Chili Chicken,Rolled Pancakes W/roast Beef,Taro Taro Sago,Taiwan Sausage Fried Rice,Japanese Ramen W/beef Shank,
[{'review_text': "Love this place for takeout. They have my favorite Singapore noodles currently in Pittsburgh. It's a perfect blend of flavors and texture that I just crave. Tad expensive, but worth it. Conveniently all their other food I've tried have also been good. It may not look the best but they seem to always have a great balance of textures and flavors that looks like the Americanized Chinese food but yet has a unique / authentic taste to it. Would recommend the spring roll and Singapore noodles.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I got takeout here on Memorial Day and the food was great!! I had the Singapore Rice Noodles with fried tofu and it was delicious. The tofu was perfectly crispyI got my boyfriend stir fried ramen with beef and he loved that. Great noodle dishes! We split the dumpling platter and it was very good. The shrimp glass dumplings were kind of intimidating and interesting but I liked the rest. We ended the meal with a sweet treat - the piggy custard buns- soo cute and so good! They were still warm on the outside and such a precious dessert! Everything was we'll packaged in our take out boxes. Excited to dine in here next time and check out the inside of the restaurant!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordering online at the table was more complicated than it needed to be, timing was off, service was slow and not the best. Tables a little cramped and it wasn't even busy on a Wednesday afternoon. The Jasmine Boba had crunchy unmixed powder in it and tasted awful. Taiwan Sausage Fried Rice, decent but way too much sausage, lacked flavor. Most disappointing thing: Pork buns mediocre and we found a piece of metal inside of it, so we'll see if my husband swallowed any without realizing and has to go to hospital. Thanks.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great food and great service! Would definitely recommend as a great spot to grab some bao buns!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'There are two locations of Bao in Pittsburgh. This one is the first one and is smaller than the second location, but the place is pretty spacious. Their menu offerred a lot of options. I ordered soup dumplings as an appetizer. Their soup dumplings had very little soup. I wished there were more juiciness to them. I got the stir fried noodles. They were good, but nothing stood out to me. I also go the Japanese curry, which was too bland, and I was unable to finish it. Overall, the food was okay. I felt like they had a lot of options, but the quality of the food was alright.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My first time here. I got the Japanese ramen with beef shank. The beef was flavorless and the broth was just so so. The dumplings we got were delicious though! They made and brought out the food quickly. Our server was attentive and very joyful and friendly.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We came in on Saturday just before 6:30 to grab an early dinner ahead of concert. We got a table with ease. We were debating on getting dim sum or some dishes to try as they have plenty of dim sum options (and c'mon, who doesn't like dumplings?). We settled for the Taiwanese basil chicken, stir fry broccoli, and sui mai. The food arrived quickly. The stir fry broccoli arrived first and then the chicken. - Stir fry broccoli - good leafy like greens cooked in garlic. It's a bit oily but good flavor.- Taiwanese basil chicken - Good flavors, but not much in terms of basil. There are full cloves of garlic and slices of ginger cooked with it to add a robust taste. The chicken is cut up bone-in pieces, so be warned!- Sui mai - six pieces and very plump. It's steamed well. Not as authentic ingredients as traditional siu mai.Service is friendly and fast. It's fairly authentic. If you're looking for Chinese food in the area, I'd recommend it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'One of my favorite places in the city for bao and dumplings.Fresh and delicious ingredients.Clean restaurant.Great service.The photos speak for themselves.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Wow, you really need to order the steamed buns, they are world class. The Pan Fried Radish Cake is quite flavorful and it is a unique appetizer.Everything on the menu is very good, especially the noodle dishes.The bubble teas (Boba) are terrific.Our service was excellent.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Saturday was literally my last day in Pittsburgh and we went to Bao because it was just so incredible the first time. The 180 was absolutely shocking. I thought I was in a fever dream.Service was atrocious. Our server brought us to a dirty table, took about 20 minutes to give us water/take our order, they never refilled our drinks, and we got our food before we got our utensils (we were never given napkins). Of course they were right there when it was time to pay.My husband ordered the Japanese beef ramen since the broth was divine the first time but there was absolutely no flavor with this visit. He almost thought he had COVID because of the contrast in flavor. His steamed dumplings were also undercooked and very doughy.I ordered the pork and bamboo steamed buns and they were just okay - definitely could've used more filling. The shrimp and pork wonton noodle soup was lacking in flavor as well. I was, however, surprised at the amount of wontons and veggies in the dish.All-in-all very disappointed in the downfall and how this was my last memory of the city.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Bao is great.  I stopped in for a fast lunch, and had a great time. I ordered lots of appetizers, including radish cakes, with a dark sauce that were delicious, a tangy, gingery, cucumber salad that was excellent, and popcorn chicken. A good fun, light lunch.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Take a Bao, or two...   Yes I went there with the cheesy cliche, but it is sound advice. I recently was able to check Bao off my bucket list while I was spending the day at the nearby Phipps. I found a table quickly in this subterranean spot that actually had really good natural light. The space was spacious with plenty of tables in the dining room. Parking was hard with only street parking available but I was determined to make the most of this visit. After settling into the menu I made a bunch of choices and eagerly awaited. Soon my Taiwanese braised pork over rice showed up and it was a nice portion. Pork was minced nicely and braised till very tender with additional pickled vegetables accompanying the dish. Next my Bao and dumplings showed up and both were good, the Bao were juicy as well as the steamed dumplings. I finished my meal with the traditional Chinese egg tarts. I have never had crust so flaky and the egg custard was very rich with a huge helping of melted butter covering the top of the tart. Overall the food was tasty and the service was excellent. Prices were good for what you get and portions were pretty solid, Aloha', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Attentive service, delicious Taiwanese-Cantonese options, just a little small on the portions. The menu is split across Chinese cuisines, but the tables around all seemed to be ordering a variety of dishes. My favorite was the three cup special, but there were no complaints about any of the dishes ordered. Overall, seems like a comfy Chinese spot for college kids and families to hit up. The location is ... a bit hidden, so look closely. Service was excellent and our waiter jumped between english and mandarin and Taiwanese so smoothly. The lunch menu looked good as well, but we were on off hours. Food service was on the slower side if you're in a rush. Props on Pitt getting more Chinese options downtown. Their custard bao was very good!! Definitely get that!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Grabbed lunch at this spot in Oakland for lunch during work! It was very clean and clearly functional for a restaurant near a college campus! The service was quick and we felt very attended to. I had the Cantonese flat noodles with chicken, and my colleague had soup dumplings and pork buns. It all was good! Portions were excellent for price! I'll be back", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I like how spacious this place is! The staff was very friendly and helpful. I tried the radish cakes and the taro taro sago dessert. The radish cakes were crispy on the outside and tasted great with the oyster sauce. The taro taro sago wasn't very sweet, so if you have a sweet tooth you would be disappointed. There were a lot of mochi and a bit of everything else (red beans, grass jelly, tapioca). It's a huge portion, so it's definitely shareable. My friend and I also shared the beef chow fun, and it wasn't very good. The noodles were stuck together and the flavor a bit bland. Overall I was impressed by the variety of food they have. I would come back and try their drinks and maybe some of the other desserts!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'm a fan of Bao. Their restaurant is clean and aesthetically pleasing, their service is friendly and efficient, and their food is undoubtedly good.I've eaten here multiple times with my family and significant other and never have been disappointed by the quality of their food. Most recently, we had the popcorn chicken, Japanese ramen, Oxtail soup, and the Taro special for dessert. The popcorn chicken is our consistent order every time we go due to its delicious crispiness and savory spices. I was really impressed by their ramen considering it Bao is not a Japanese restaurant. The broth was rich and flavorful, the beef was cut thin which melted in your mouth and the noodles were of a Chinese style but worked perfectly together.The Oxtail was a simple rich soup and it was definitely tasty. I do think it was a little overpriced and could have been more special.I do enjoy going to Bao for nice dates, and proper family meals but wouldn't go on my own if I wanted a quick casual meal. There are absolutely no lows to Bao but really no amazing highs either but nonetheless still very good and I would recommend.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Pittsburgh doesn't strike me as a place that would have decent Taiwanese/Chinese food but its nice to be surprised every once in a while.  Located near Pitt, its most definitely a student hangout and probably a welcome comfort for Asian students that doubles as a change of pace for locals.The menu is very eclectic and a bit too ambitious IMHO.  They carry dim sum, noodles, Taiwanese snacks and fare along with bubble tea.  We ordered pretty much a bit of everything and what I can say for sure is stick with the Taiwanese food here.  The popcorn chicken and Taiwanese sausage were spot on.  Cucumber salad was the perfect balance of garlic, sugar and vinegar.  The soup dumplings were also pretty good - soup was rich and clear.  Their Cantonese fare was pretty subpar.  The dim sum was steamed to a mush and their wontons were pretty bad if I'm being honest.  Bubble tea was also surprisingly good although the day we went, the bubbles weren't ready (they said it would take an hour - rookie mistake of not having them cooked an hour or so before opening).  Service was pretty good. Prices are a tad more expensive than what I'm used to for this type of Asian food but given that they might be the only game in town, it's fair.  If you're in the mood for Taiwanese food in Pittsburgh, this is your spot.  Thumbs up.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I got lunch here during the week and it was a wonderful experience. First of all I got the pork soup dumplings and not only are they made fresh every day, but they are filling! They were very fast as well. I will definitely be ordering from here again. They even have a simple online ordering function on their website. The price was also very reasonable for a lunch option in Oakand.I cannot wait to try more of their menu and trust that I will be becoming a regular.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'They are always out of those damn custard buns! What do I have to do to get some of these ding dang things?Come here. Get some radish cake and dumplings and you have yourself some amazing dim sum. It does get crowded on Friday nights.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great food, great service, we were seated quickly, and they were able to split our small group's check. However, it was super hard to find parking. That's no fault of theirs so it didn't impact their rating, but I would recommend folks who aren't students living closeby to come during school breaks (winter/summer) when parking is more readily available.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I went here in search of the handmade buns.The were everything I had hoped for and more. With a warm squishy bun to the firm salty pork in the middle.If you're looking for the original, movie style Bao bun go here!! The ramen was delicious and original Only the chili sauce I had asked for wasn't spicy to desire still 4/5 would recommend!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Overall, the food was mediocre at best, and it will fix the craving for dim sum.We ordered a mix of dishes, from dim sum (chicken feet, the dim sum platter, shrimp dumplings, and the egg custard) to shared entrees (spinach, some fried saucy chicken dish). All the dishes tasted fine, with the exception of the egg custard which tasted as if they used movie popcorn butter for the oil.Also, the timing on the dishes was totally off -- typically you would expect the dim sum to come in first, followed by the entrees. While we would have been ok with getting our orders late (roughly 20 minutes after we got our entrees), the prices that they charged for the dishes and how we did not get a heads up on something that was backordered left us disappointed.While this location does offer convenience for students, I would not recommend going out of your way to make the trek here expecting a pleasant dining experience.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fun college hangout place w some near authentic xlb and other dim sums.  Server cheerfully recommended the fried rice w shrimp as well as the turnip cakes and large bao. Perfect meal. Also they have a great bobo tea menu.  Definitely will be back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great place for dim sum! Despite signs outside advertising lunch bento boxes for students, they said these wouldn\'t be available until next month. Instead, I settled on an order of steamed pork buns, which came with 5 for $10.50. The meat inside the buns was juicy and well-seasoned. It was just the perfect serving size for lunch and very filling. I also got the Milky Mango bubble tea, which is "a twist on the classic mango boba tea with coconut milk," mixed with chunks of mango and topped with whipped cream. I\'m definitely planning on coming back with a group of friends to split more dishes, like the soup dumplings!I did have a bit of a wait for pick-up during lunchtime. I ordered when I got there, instead of online, and despite only 2 pairs of customers dining in, I waited 20 minutes for my order to be ready. Next time, I\'ll utilize ordering online to save myself some time.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had dinner at Bao a few weeks ago, and overall the meal was just okay. We shared the rolled pancakes with sliced roast beef, the steamed dumpling platter (10 pieces - 4 kinds of dumplings), pork and crab soup dumplings, and Taiwan-style minced pork over rice. Other than the rolled pancakes with sliced roast beef (which I LOVED and would eat every day), I didn't love what we ordered. The dumpling wrappers were kind of thick and gummy and sticky and were hard to eat. Service was good, and the restaurant is casual and homey inside. The food on this first visit didn't wow me, however, and I probably wouldn't rush back when I'm next in Pittsburgh. Unless I keep thinking about that rolled pancakes with sliced roast beef dish - I might have to go back for that!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I stopped by here for take-out on a whim and was very pleasantly surprised. It's hard to find decent Asian food let alone Taiwanese food in Pittsburgh, but Bao does pretty well. Their Oakland location makes is pretty central. They have many classic lunch and dishes that I thought were great. I did not try the soup dumplings but that was because I was not sure how well they would hold up for take-out. It's spacious inside and the staff was very friendly, so I will definitely be coming back again to dine in!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I went there only fora quick stop. Bao sliders were delicious although probably not the most beautiful presentation. I thought the ambiance was just okay. Nothing special. Certainly not one of the best places I've been too. I loved the soup dumplings. Rich in flavor and perfectly cooked. The other set of bao I had was a little sour, but I did quite enjoy it. Service was good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Efficant online ordering. Didn't get our drinks till after our meal was finished which was unfortunate but we got water as seated.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I didn't have high expectations when I came here but I was pretty surprised by how good some of our dishes were! We came on a weekday early afternoon and had no problem getting a table. Here's what we tried: Steam pork buns: Unfortunately, they ran out of the Xiao long bao when we went there and we opted for the regular pork buns and that was actually not good and tasted frozen. Popcorn chicken: really good! Taste as good as the ones I used to eat growing up in Taiwan! They used real basil to fried the chicken. Salty and flavorful. Pan fried radish cake: savory with real radish inside and crispy outside Japanese ramen with beef shank: this one left something to be desired. The flavor was bland and boring. The beef also tasted old like it's been cooked for a while. Taiwan style mined pork over rice: I didn't try this one but our family very much enjoyed this and the portion was huge Spicy chili fish fillet over rice: my favorite of the whole meal. The fish was fried super crispy and loaded with spice and flavor. I would come back just for this. Japanese style fried pork over rice: another good time on the menu. Very crispy and the meat was seasoned nicely. Service was efficient. They also have bubble tea which I tried and was decent. The tapioca pearls were a bit undercooked. Overall, this is definitely a good place. Highly recommended if you are in the area", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A bit pricy for what they serve. But food came out pretty quick and pretty tasty. Ordered cumin beef, chili fish, and garlic spinach. Beef dish was a bit dry but tasty. All super fresh!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Nice ambiance. Friendly waitstaff, slight longer wait times for service. Would not recommend the seafood pancake, very chewy, oily, and little seafood or flavor. I have high expectations for my soup dumplings, they were okay. But I would recommend the custard buns of all the items we had. Average at best, unfortunately wouldn't come again", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Not bad. I like dim sum but not something I crave. My son however loves it. We came down, per his request and ate. Not pictured where boba's and fried rice. All was decent. Staff was super friendly and very attentive. It's smack dab in Oakland on Atwood, street parking is all there is. Thankfully we went late afternoon on Saturday and easily found a spot. My son is already planning his order for the next trip.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Amazing food! Everything was delicious. We tried the beef pancakes, popcorn chicken, hibachi fried rice (excellent), Taiwan basil chicken (something new for us and yum!), and the flat noodles (our usual favorite). The only thing that was ok was the shrimp and egg over rice (a little bland). My kids loved the boba drinks - we will definitely be going back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I can't believe we paid this much for such mediocre food. The spring rolls were the frozen kind you can buy anywhere, and the flat noodles were bland and tasteless. The chicken was chopped so fine and so little of it you would think it was a rare spice, definitely a challenge eating it with chopsticks as most of the chicken pieces were as small as two grains of rice. The dumplings were ok, but again, you can find the same in any grocery frozen food section. Service was good, friendly and fast. Just HORRIBLE food!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "**THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE BUBBLE TEA**I was very desperately craving boba and I've been meaning to try to boba here because their cups seemed very official (I'm not exactly sure why their boba brand is 'TAROTARO' when the restaurant is called 'Bao' but I'll vibe with it). I ended up ordering the creme brulee milk tea with boba. I actually really loved the topping. Sometimes with creme brulee toppings, they don't really add anything to the drink and don't taste like anything. This one was creamy and added a nice vanilla pudding-like flavor to the drink. I unfortunately found the milk tea itself to be very mediocre. There were no surprises though; it tasted like milk tea in the form that you'd think of if someone were to say 'milk tea' (but with a little extra something because of the creme brulee topping). The bubbles were almost too hard (which is not a comment easily received from me because I normally love a bubble that 'fights back'), but they WERE... And they tasted really plasticky. As you can see in the photo, it wasn't filled to the top, either, and I think the drink was in the $6 range. For that price (and honestly just in general!), I would have wanted a full cup. I've seen people post positive reviews for their bubble tea though, so I'd be willing to go back and maybe try a fruit drink instead.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Decent Taiwanese food. I appreciated the generous portions of meat in the steamed dumpling platter but thought the pork and crab soup dumplings needed more soup. The other items we ordered (popcorn chicken, cucumber salad, pork buns) had good flavor but were nothing special. Be careful when eating the quicksand buns; their filling is really liquidy, so it's easy to spill on yourself.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So delicious! Best dumplings I've ever had! Cannot wait to come back and try more of their food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Pork buns are still incredible as always! The pork belly sliders were also amazing, the greens that come with it have an earthy, almost tea-like, taste that goes well with the pork. The double cooked pork belly was also pretty good. I'd skip the tea eggs, they just taste like normal hardboiled eggs. Good, but nothing new. I don't know about the other fried rice, but the veggie fried was okay. Again, their specialty is bao and dumplings.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So excited!  That we finally got to try Bao. It was even better than I thought it would be. Not only was the food excellent but the service was even better. We loved all the small plates and the chicken hibachi rice. Let me tell you about all the things we tried. the meal kept building and got better and better with each plate. We started with the pork belly slider. I love the slider bun. So soft and delicious! The pork belly and sauce were so good too. The sauce was a little spicy. Then they brought the pork bao bun which was everyone's favorite. You get 5 of them. They come in the same wrapper as the pork slider. The spice of the meat and the sauce they come with really make it. They were unbelievable. Next, they brought the chicken hibachi rice. We absolutely love hibachi rice. However, this was one of the best any of us have ever had. It was so well seasoned with all the right spices. The chicken was so tender. We finished with the chicken gyoza which is like a Japanese Dumpling. It was good and very similar to a Japanese pirogi. We all felt full afterwards. We were very happy with our server Mitchell. He was amazing from the time we sat down until the time we left. He asked if we had ever been there and when we said no he explained the menu in detail. He and the other staff checked in with us multiple times to make sure we liked everything and had plenty of water. Nothing makes or breaks a restaurant like service. They could teach courses on excellent service. We can't wait to come back and try other dishes. Everyone needs to try it. Best Asian Restaurant in Pittsburgh hands down.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Would definitely return to this restaurant. Delicious food! Especially the dumplings and boba tea. Here's what I ordered: - Steamed dumpling platter: if you are ever craving for dim sum, then visit this restaurant and get their dumplings. This platter offers a variety of different flavors/types and is served with a flavorful sauce. 9/10 - Taiwan style mince pork over rice: the pork bits were tender, juicy and full of flavor. The vegetables were not overly mushy - it was done well and the braised egg was good too. 8/10- Brown sugar milk with boba: divine!! Perfect amount of sweet. 10/10 Parking: - There's parking on both sides of the street.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We walked over from a nearby hotel and were seated right away. The dining room was filled with junk laying around like they were in the middle of a renovation or maybe just reopened after covid, not sure.There was one server taking care of all the tables and also helping with takeout orders. You could tell she was struggling to keep up but she was doing her best. After about 10 minutes, she stopped by our table and asked if we were ready. I began ordering and then she stopped me and said she forgot to tell us everything they were out of, which was a bummer because it was obviously their most popular options.We ordered a few different buns and dumplings and shared everything. It was all delicious but we wish they had the popular ones that they ran out of!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Went here to try something new for Lunch. I basically just came for the Bao Dumplings.The atmosphere was cute. Big enough to have about 6 people or more in your party. Staff was a little slow but from what I noticed there was only one waitress attending to the guest. We had more than enough food to take home. I may come back to try some of the dinner options. Over all not a bad place or new experience.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We have been here a few times and have always been pleased with our food. Taste is good, quality of rice and noodle dishes are great. I've tried several items on rice and noodle side and enjoyed each one. The standout items, however, must be the buns, dumplings and teas/slushes. The steamed buns are impeccable, and the teas are some of the best I've had in the area. Definitely recommend the Leo slush and any steamed/pan fried bun/dumplings. Take a chance and try this place! Also, good quality takeout.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The best egg tarts we have had since moving from NYC. Just the right amount of sweet smoothness in a flaky crust still warm from the oven. The Cantonese wide noodle dish aka chow fun also very delicious. The Pad Thai spicy and spiced just right. Both dishes were large portions, we took half home for next day lunches. The wait staff was shy about  giving his recommendations to several nonAsian patrons close to us. But each time the table was happy with the choice. We will be back with friends.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Bao is a go-to for me and my +1. It has always satisfied my food cravings. It's menu has everything you need from meat to veggies, from sweet to savory, and from full entrees to small dim sum dishes. My favorite dish I get each time is the Rolled pancakes with sliced roast beef. There is so much flavor in each aspect of the dish and their textures just pair so well together. The rolled pancake is like an in between roti canai and scallion pancake - both of which I love. The roast beef is tender and seasoned well that I could eat it on its own.If you're having more of a sweet tooth, all their treats from the egg tarts to their piggy custard rolls are delicious. Our favorite was the pumpkin cake which was essentially a pumpkin-flavored moon cake. Other honorable mentions: sauteed green bean, any of the dumplings (duh), cantonese style flat noodles.One thing I will say is we come to Bao for the food and not the Boba. There is better Boba in that area.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Good food- great portions- walking distance from campus.  This place surprised me with their menu selection.  Definitely recommend for something different.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Holy cow (or Bao!) This place was a treat. We had the steamed pork buns, the pork soup dumplings, and the steamed dumpling platter, so we had a good sample of different dishes. We also tried the Leo - passion fruit mango slush and the chocolate treasure. Service was quick, and we could see the staff making the dumplings as we waited. I would highly recommend this place!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Sort of a more upscale Taiwan cafe (for you OG yinzers). Very eclectic menu with all sorts of dumplings, appetizers, noodles, and fried rices. I had flat Cantonese noodles with fried tofu and veggies. Dish was savory and sweet. Portion size was large and it was a reasonable value.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'If your looking for authentic food, this is the place!Food, desert, and drinks was delicious! I had the pork and shrimp dumpling soup, sesame balls for desert, and a ice cream drink. Everything was so good that I will be back to try their meatbuns.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wow. Super yummy food! We got the soup dumplings, pan fried gioza, cucumber salad and beef pancake. They are a little pricey, as everything was over $10 for 6 pieces minus the $7 cuc salad. But they are right downtown so I assume rents are high. The food was all ahhhhhmazing.  Wish they had more soup dumpling options. They just had one choice. The gioza was perfect and not at all greasy. The chili oil (you have to ask for it) was to die for. I could literally sip it. The pancake on the beef was like nothing I've ever had before. The texture was amazing. Thick and flakey and doughy. It also came with bell peppers which I loved. Overall very good and I'll be back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "there's not a lot of places to get dim sum in pittsburgh, so bao is usually my go-to if i'm craving canto. the food is overall okay, i like the shrimp crystal dumplings!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We've been to Bao many times but the last three times the service has been pretty crappy. Not only that tip was automatically added on....rather literally it didn't matter if we ate at the restaurant or ordered out, the one male server always add tips onto our check. Won't eat here again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Located right in the middle of Oakland this place is definitely a go to for students. Given how good the food is, the prices are pretty awesome. What's kind of strange about the place is that they store way too many items in the open which you can see from pretty much anywhere you sit but that's easy enough to forget once your first order of dumplings arrive.  We ordered the pork soup dumplings and pork belly sliders. I wouldn't rate them near Din Tai Fung but for the price they're fantastic. For mains we orders the Singapore style thin rice noodles mixed and the Chongqing Dry Chili Chicken. The rice noodle dish was simple but tasty while the Chongqing dish was one of the most unique I've had in forever.  I can't quite explain it but there is something in this dish that leaves a zing on your palate. I'd try something different next time but it was good. If this was in my neighborhood it'd be on my regular list. This place is absolutely worth your time. Enjoy!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The hardest reviews to write are when you have high expectations and they fall far short. We were very hopeful when we saw the menu, which seemed amazing. We ordered wonton soup and various dim sum. Soup was amazing, broth was tasty and wontons were delicious. Next out came our dim sum, and the steamed pork buns ($12) were ice cold, nearly frozen in the middle. We sent it back, and the had the temerity to send out the buns we already bit into. Dim sum needs to be served piping hot, and it is egregious to send the same food out! This was a red flag. Our other dim sum were decently hot, but not steaming as I would expect. Lastly, we ordered crab Rangoon and spare ribs, but we ended up with fried spring rolls. When we bit into the spring rolls, THEY WERE FROZEN INSIDE. WTF BAO??? How can you serve me cold dim sum in January TWICE IN A NIGHT??? Sorry to say, we won't be back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Excellent dumplings. String beans and spicy cucumber app were both really delicious. Got a few chicken dishes also which OK but not as amazing', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been getting take-out from Bao about twice per month this year, and have also sat down there for dinner a few times, the latest being on Thursday.I enjoy the variety of dumplings, which are always delicious and well-prepared. I usually order the dumpling platter, which gives me the chance to try out several of them and makes for a great weeknight dinner option.Last time, I've also had the Korean-style pork belly. My date commented that it was not really very Korean-style, but we both enjoyed the dish---the pork belly was very tender.I've found the desserts to be a bit hit and miss. The piggy cream custard buns are delicious (and cute!), but I did not enjoy the quick-sand buns as much.I should sample a few more of the menu items, as there is a great variety and everything I've seen served at other tables seems delicious. Overall, a great option for dinner or take-out, especially if you are a fan of dim sum.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food there was amazingly unique. Their drinks were refreshing on a hot summer day. Food service was a little slow but 100% worth it!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'the food was amazing, bubble tea is so good and service is friendly. love the ambiance and good sza music taste! slay', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This was amazing! Food was so good and really cheap for the portion size. Highly recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food were GOOOOOD!  The seatings a bit too tight and the service (from kitchen to table) was slow, and in a tad pricier side (what's not pricy lately).....however, the server was nice and friendly, FOODS WERE AMAZING, I could tell the Dim Sum we ordered were house made (maybe not there-who knows), and not the common frozen food you could find elsewhere.  Street Parking, a bit hard, but lucky us, we found a spot right in front of the business.  Highly recommended and will come back again", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We went around noon on Saturday and it wasn't super busy. The service was prompt and friendly. The food came out quickly and it was all delicious except for the pork buns. We had it pan fried, the pork was a little dry but it was still decent. Next time we will order the roasted pork one instead. We got soup dumplings and their combo for dim sum. Also ordered Habachi fried rice, flat noodles and a cucumber side dish. It was pickled. Everything was delicious. They also offer boba drinks and teas. I would definitely come here again since this is the only place that has some options for dim sum! It's a little pricey though compared to other city's.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Best Chinese food I've had in awhile. If you're eating with multiple people I suggest getting some dishes to share so you can try more of their great food in one sitting. I tried things I know I like and some new things. All were great. Best lo mein I think I've ever had. The fried rice was also really good. As well as the soup dumplings and the Bao. Everything is handmade. There's even an area in the back where you can see people hand making the food. The service was pretty good. Nice atmosphere. I will definitely come back here again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Take out service was quick and painless (lunch on a weekday). Staff was friendly.Pork buns and dumplings were so yummy.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great for takeout and beautiful dining space inside. Multiple vegetarian options featuring delicious veggies and tofu. Excited to go back and try the boba!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Everything was pretty good. Main issue was that they were prioritizing the larger group that came in/ordered after us, so we kept having to get the busser's attention to try to order things.They were out of both types of custard buns, which was really disappointing, so we'll have to come back to hopefully try those and the milk tea.The milk tea options were nuts, by the way. Some of them sounded more like milkshakes. I'm not complaining haha, they sounded delicious, but I was too full to try it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited Bao for lunch with a coworker.  We were there during lunch on a Friday and there were two other tables occupied as well some takeout customers.  The restaurant is nicely decorated, but it isn't go on a date with drinks and trendy.  The staff was very attentive and helpful with ordering.  We ordered two apps and a main course to split which was a good amount.  The soup dumplings were average as you can get better in the area.  The pork bao that was fried was very good.  The basil chicken had a great flavor.  All the pieces looked like bone-in thigh type fragments which isn't for everyone.  Overall it was a good lunch.  Bao isn't the best in the city, but it is still good and worth trying.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place serves great food. The staff are super nice. My friend thought it was excellent as well.  I would say the Dumplings are my favorite. I would love to come back and try more of their menu.  I wish they could add more desert choices.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If you're looking for quality dim sum and other goodies, Meet Bao is the way to go. I've been craving dim sum since the beginning of quarantine, and today was the day to finally revel in nostalgia. Overall, the dishes were exemplary, but the real star of the show was the dipping sauce!!! (an indescribable concoction of salty and spicy goodness)Food:Popcorn Chicken: 8/10 Crispy, light, and salty--these were addicting and were quickly devoured. Came with fried basil as well. Only complaint is that quantity was low, considering their price.Scallion Pancake with Beef: 10/10SO good. Deviates from the traditional preparation, as it comes with bell peppers and peanut sauce (and I wasn't sure if there was hoisin sauce?), but these changes elevated the dish. Our order came with a good amount, enough for some pieces leftover. Hibachi Fried Rice with Beef 15/10 This is the dish I still think about, hours later. There's so much umami flavor packed into the dish, with hefty pieces of beef among bites of veggies balanced with pumps of pepper. Fried rice at hibachi hits different, and I think Bao did a great job in emulating this experience, even when it's served in a plastic bowl for take out.Dumpling Platter: 8/10Comes with 10 dumplings: spinach and shrimp , steamed crystal shrimp, and shu mai. The skin tasted fresh and enveloped a huge portion of meat. A little pricey, but great quality! Pork Belly: 6/10We were really looking forward to this one based on previous reviews. Unfortunately, it did not meet our expectations--I could barely taste the pork belly, which was rather thin, as it was mainly overshadowed by the mound of mustard greens on top. Drinks: Pisces: 7/10My star sign! It was oolong milk tea with grass jelly and taro and whipped cream. Loved the grass jelly. The mashed taro was interesting but I wouldn't crave it. Disappointed at how much smaller my drink was compared to my roommates, despite being a similar price.Mango Sago: 6/10Surprised that this classic dessert was presented as a drink. The mango drink had a lot of coconut flavor but also had a chalky textural aftertaste (which was probably unfamiliar because I usually drink this with a spoon rather than a straw). Leo: 9/10Passionfruit slush with lychee jelly and milk foam. This drink was so refreshing without being cloying. Very classic asian flavor. Miscellaneous: They have pretty cohesive branding. Their logo is cute and their drinks come in sturdy frosted cups with unique shapes and paper straws. Our order came with three free masks, loved the gesture!Meet Bao is the best Chinese food I've had in Pittsburgh thus far, and I can't wait to come back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'better than expected. Probably the best Chinese restaurant in pitts. Everything in this pic is worth ordered.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food is not bad, but this is not taiwanese food. Flavor was alright. Service was mid. Atmosphere is literally  a basement. Comfort food vibes.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came here for dinner recently. Was excited to try this place as it is located conveniently right on campus in Oakland. There are not a lot of sit down restaurants in Oakland, so it was nice that they have ample seating. They have a very fun bubble tea menu and have drinks based on star signs as well. I got the mango bubble tea and it was good. A bit on the heavier side as it had coconut milk. I had the mixed steamed dumplings, which were delicious. The spinach dumpling stuffed with shrimp was my favorite. My friends had the buns, which were good as well. They were stuffed with a hefty amount and pretty flavorful. I also had the Taiwanese chicken, which was super flavorful. The chicken was fresh and crispy. My only complaint would be I was not expecting so many bones. Overall, a great place to grab dim sum in Pittsburgh. Will definitely be back as we do not have a lot of places that offer fresh dumplings, buns, etc. Want to try the soup dumplings and custard buns next time! Prices were reasonable for portions.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been holding off on coming here since it's not hard make pork buns or dumplings from scratch and because they're sold at half the price in chinatown street stands/restaurants in other major cities, but I thought I'd give it a try given the great reviews.Overall the buns and dumplings came out smaller than I expected. You'll need to order at least two dishes to be full. The flavor of the fillings were pretty average, the tastiest part was actually in the dipping sauce. I didn't find the high prices charged for any of the specialty dishes to be worth it to try.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food is so good, I love coming here I'm never disappointed! I especially like getting the Bao Buns! You definitely should try them!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I haven't tried their dishes but their dumplings and bao zi are great. I prefer the dumplings. Taste home made. The radish cake was also tasty.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A centrally located place in the heart of U Pitt area. We had the Taiwanese chicken and the Shanghai stir fry and Boba. They are all pretty good. Overall, a solid place.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Consistently sooooo good. Hot food is still hot when it is delivered. The only thing that I didn't love was the strawberry matcha boba drink I ordered (not pictured here), it was warm/melted and the paper straw became useless before I could finish my drink. Otherwise, I have to actively resist ordering from Bao everyday.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "When I tell you this is the best lo mein I've ever had, this is the BEST lo mein I've ever had. Lots of vegetables and great flavor. I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to stop today because the parking situation is horrendous at lunch time, but I got lucky and found a spot pretty easily. We ordered pan fried pork buns, pork belly sliders, vegetable lo mein, pancakes with roast beef, and boba (because obviously).I wasn't a fan of the sliders, but that wasn't because they weren't good. They just weren't better than everything else we ordered and they just fell a little flat. The peach oolong tea was delicious (25% sweet) and the buns were great! The meat was well seasoned and not over cooked or dry.All this to say, you should definitely try them out! I'm looking forward to going back and trying a few other dishes with friends.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "pickup: been waiting 45 mins after arriving after placing a phone order. seems like they may have not even placed the order from the confusion of the person at the front. food: pan fried buns were steamed, not pan fried. taiwane pork fried rice portion was small.Food was ok, but not worth the price for portion (takeout) Place was packed, so I'm guessing its worth it for dine in, not for take-out", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "*MEDIOCRE*This restaurant used to be a AYCE individual hotpot + kbbq place and now, it turned into a Taiwanese restaurant with family style hotpot. Initially I thought it was going to be like a Taiwanese nigh market style place that sells night market food, but to my disappointment, it's just a standard take out dine-in restaurant that serves Taiwanese dishes. Overall, the menu is quite limited in the number of Taiwanese dishes. I've tried this place twice and both times I think the food is meh. If I want good Taiwanese food, I'd rather got o Cafe 33 in Squirrel Hill. But if you're on campus and want the convenience, then this place might be good for you. *VERDICT*I might go back to try their hotpot and see if it has gotten better from the time they used to serve AYCE hotpot.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I ordered delivery from here tonight and while it took a while to arrive (about an hour), the food was hot when it arrived and the portion size was large. The chicken and eggplant was super flavorful and the rice was moist. I\'ll absolutely order from here again! This business appears to be listed on Google as "Taiwan Night Market".', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is a new Chinese place in Oakland, and it is more Taiwanese. The food is good and authentic, and it's decently priced for college town area. My friends and I got the sweet and sour ribs, stir fried seasonal vegetable (an choy), stir fried noodles, and beef noodle soup.Everything tasted great. In fact, I couldn't stop eating the sweet and sour ribs and almost finished my whole plate. Everything else was good too. Then why the 3 stars, you ask? Because I was soooooo thirsty for an hour afterwards. It makes sense - the MSG tastes great, but it does make you so thirsty. Haven't gone back yet to try other dishes, but I suspect everything else has a decent dose of that yummy, yummy MSG.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious food right near UPitt. I had a good experience and the food was good. We got the meatball noodle soup, the hakka salt pork and pork belly with preserved vegetables. The hakka pork was raved really much but it wasnt that special. I do recommend the pork belly however, they gave like a few pieces of pork belly. It was good but I feel like they should give more for the price. It wasnt busy the time that we went and the service was good.They also have hot pot with price per item, that seemed reasonable. I would definitely recommend and will be coming back', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Perfect for traditional Chinese cuisine! Like popcorn chicken.Bao also taste very good. Clean and friendly environment. Highly recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Everything we ordered was amazing. Service was excellent. Lots of younger people dining there. Felt like a dinosaur among them (I'm 52), but they obviously know good dim sum when they see it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Enjoyed the food!  I ordered Taiwanese Basil Chicken.   It was slightly sweeter than what I had at a different place, but was well balanced. And yes I would have it again.  The service was great and it's BYOB.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love it hereeeeee Ordered on uber eats and it was still FRESH FRESH FRESHHHH!!'So much flavor in the drinks", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wow. Everything was absolutely amazing, from the pork belly bao buns to the Chinese fried chicken and last but not least- THE DIM SUM! Try the steam buns and soup dumplings.  It hasn't even been a week and I'm going back for lunch. We ate everything so fast I forgot to take pictures", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food is really good - you can tell the Bao are handmade and they are super fluffy and stuffed. Prices are pretty high but that's understandable considering how many restaurants have been raising prices recently. Taro taro was delicious just a little watery. Only complaint would be service; they are super busy so you have to ask for things often. However, the workers are young people who are super kind and accommodating, just seem stressed/overworked.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "There's a sign in the window stating help needed , like most businesses post pandemic. The server was nice and it didn't seem to busy but it took 50 mins for my food to come out. Our appetizer came after our food and we had to remind them. Both our dinners came out 15 mins apart. It was disappointing they were so overwhelmed but there were only 6 tables sitting. We ordered teas and they also came out 10 mins apart. We will give them another try because we understand that it's hard to find help and the food was good. If they had told us when we ordered that  it would take that long we may have reconsidered. The table next to us also had to ask for food they ordered that they never received.  Yikes it was a train wreck. I would have been more happy if our food came out together. But waiting almost an hour , I ate alone because my fianc had already got his around the 30 min mark.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We ordered the seafood soup, soup dumplings, and minced pork over rice. Not only did we enjoy all of them, but the service was great and very thoughtful too!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The service here was terrible. It felt like we were a burden because we showed up between lunch and dinner. We had to ask for a waiter/waitress to be helped. Then the food came out in a totally backwards order. The food was meh, then we were waiting for at least 20 minutes to get a check. All while we were one of 3 tables being served.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious food. Nice service and very close to my hotel. Win, win! Will definitely go back again.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Everything we ordered was really good and seemed authentic. Giving 4 stars as I think there could always be improvement, but we'd come back again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious bao, dumplings, and boba tea. Really quick and friendly service. I got takeout but the inside of the restaurant looked nice too. Definitely will be back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food is wonderful and comforting and decadent and my friends and I had such a wonderful time. Delicious boba. Great service, absolutely fantastic food. Buns that are so soft and fluffy with great flavor and lion head meat that was tender and juicy. Will absolutely come back here again!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Xiao Long Bao was huge and delicious. The pork broth was very good and the skin of the Dumpling was nice and thin.I also  got the Sampler steam dumplings with Shu Mai,Har Gao and Spinach Har Gao. All of them were freshly made and steamed. Nice flavor and great skin wrapper.Also got the Char su bao steamed and pan fried and they were soft and crispy. The pork filling was like a juicy meat ball with great flavor!Highly recommend this place!They are busy and they make everything in house so expect a wait.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food here tastes clean and fresh! Everything is so tasty - wasn't oily or salty like many chinese restaurants. Would get these again: - Taiwanese Style Sausage: Sometimes the sausage is hard and tastes old. This one tasted fresh, like it should taste, and tasted even better with garlic :)- Taiwanese Style Crispy Chicken: Our waiter recommended this dish and it was incredible! The chicken was tender and the outside was crispy. Came out piping hot!- Chinese Watercress: Loved how garlicy this dish was.- Minced Braised Pork over Rice: This was amazing! Tasted like Taiwan.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If your in Oakland, this place is a must. All home made deliciousness's! It's very quick as well and you'll be glad you came! The dumplings are out of this world!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Poor service and bad food. The Bao definitely is from frozen products. We had the hand pulled noodles and they were definitely not hand pulled and it was over cooked and over seasoned with cumin. Even college kid deserves better food. Personally I will never eat around the college campus. It's over priced with poor quality. Just stay home and eat a bowl of Raman.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Bao was an amazing restaurant! My girlfriend and I came here 30 minutes before closing and weren't able to be seated, but they allowed us to still order for take out. We got the steamed crystal shrimp dumplings, thai chicken basil, and the hibachi fried rice, and it was all amazing! The only let down was the oreo milk boba tea wasn't that great, which is why I'm hesitant to give a five star review. But if you're going for just food, Bao is a fantastic choice!", 'review_rating': None}]