Information about Bengal Kabab House _ Restaurant{"businesses": [{"id": "fZGTgKUNKKuOKC2tg4pQFw", "alias": "bengal-kabab-house-and-restaurant-pittsburgh-2", "name": "Bengal Kabab House & Restaurant", "image_url": "https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/DB7-Gl5kRuCpNAF_uRiItA/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bengal-kabab-house-and-restaurant-pittsburgh-2?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 188, "categories": [{"alias": "indpak", "title": "Indian"}, {"alias": "bangladeshi", "title": "Bangladeshi"}, {"alias": "halal", "title": "Halal"}], "rating": 4.0, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.439047, "longitude": -79.9554689}, "transactions": ["delivery", "pickup"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "320 Atwood St", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["320 Atwood St", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14126050521", "display_phone": "(412) 605-0521", "distance": 587.6860555347661}], "total": 2, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Chicken Tikka Masala,Chicken Biryani,Chicken Samosa,Lamb Shank,Lamb Vindaloo,Chicken Curry,Goat Curry,Lamb Korma,Mango Chicken,Chicken Vindaloo,Chicken Madras,Bhindi Masala,Shrimp Tikka Masala,
[{'review_text': 'The food is really good! I highly recommend. I still need to try their Buffet, so I will make sure to update this review. The staff are very friendly. Keep in mind the restaurant is so small so make sure you arrive early for the buffet. Fair decent prices and generous quantity with take outs. Definitely going back!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Never had Indian food before but gave this place a try because of their student pick up discount. Tons of options but I ordered regular chicken tikka with garlic naan and chicken samosas. Everything tasted great and those chicken samosas were extremely flavorful.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great buffet with lots of food selections at a very affordable price ($13)Friendly services', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love coming here for both take-out and dine-in. I usually order a vegetable samosa and the chicken/lamb korma with a garlic naan. I leave always feeling very full and happy.I think the food is reliably good and the price is relatively low.A part of the experience is that the waiter who I assume is the owner is an absolute delight. He's so attentive and nice that I want to come back to enjoy his wonderful dishes and support him.There is usually a video playing in the background on the TV so if you don't like background noise when you eat, I would absolutely suggest doing takeout.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Last night was my first and last visit. While my partner liked their chicken biryani, I found the chicken in my tikka masala to be dry and the sauce to be incredibly sweet. The garlic naan tasted stale, and was really thick and chewy.  Overall a very disappointing & expensive (~$40) dinner.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My girlfriend and I were craving some Indian food the other night and we decided to try Bangal Kabab House for the first time! I ordered the lamb Rohan Josh and she had the chicken madras. Both dishes were very well spiced and the meat was super tender! They give good portion sizes as we had to save some to have for lunch the next day. When we ordered delivery, we also got a side of rice and some garlic naan which were both excellent and paired nicely with the entrees. Online ordering here was super easy, the food was made quickly, and the service once inside the restaurant was splendid. One of the chefs informed me that due to COVID, they are not having their buffet style service, but instead offer a lunch box for $6.99 that includes meat, veg, rice, and naan, which is a fantastic deal in my opinion and something that I will definitely be back for!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We came to sit down and eat and I we ordered the samosas, goat curry, chicken kebabs, and the mango lassi.Right off the bat the samosas were absolutely delicious. Light, fluffy, flavorful yet fried perfectly with generous stuffing. The spice blend was incredibly tasty and made me want more. It was the first time I've had a Lassi and wow I will be ordering this drink again and again. And I did get another in the way out.The goat curry was delicious and authentic although it may have had too much oil comparably to other goat curries I've had. The chicken kebab was on the dry side although it was seasoned quite nicely. Both dishes came with a very generous portion of rice.After finishing up, our waiter came back and gave us complimentary rice Kheer (rice pudding) which was a sweet and pleasant surprise. One thing that was really disappointing was the prices on the menus sitting down did not reflect the actual prices. There was no transparency to this and the bill came out roughly $15 more than it should have based on the menu.Overall the food was good. The service was prompt and pleasant. But the prices may be a bit higher than expected if you sit down.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordered take out late in the evening. While we were waiting they gave us free mango juice filled with just yogurt and sugar because I was interested about the drink. They're such nice people! Recommended if you are looking for an authentic Indian and Bangladeshi meal. I ordered the Chicken Kadahai which was boneless chicken pieces cooked in hearty spiced onion gravy with white rice included. Yum! Spice was mild level one, just the way I want it. It's small inside the restaurant but lots of seatings plus a tv to watch.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "First time here yesterday!  It was great to stumble into this spot in the heart of Oakland. The chicken tikka masala was delicious!  I'm coming back soon!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This review is specifically for Bengalis. If you're craving ilish machh, look no further. Bengal Kabab has ilish machher kalia on their menu. For non-Bengalis, this is Hilsa fish. But other items on the menu are also delicious. I plan on going back and trying other dishes, but for now, I'm pigging out on ilish machh!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Love the biryani, goat and lamb. Great and friendly service, and a good deal on buffet', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Excellent Bengali food. Good portions for whatever you order. Definitely recommend. - Visiting from Virginia.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Incredibly delicious! Wow! The food here is prepared with so much care and the service was impeccable. We highly recommend the lamb shank but everything was delicious! In addition to the lamb, our table enjoyed the beef samosas and vegetable pakora (wonderfully seasoned, hot, and flaky), the naan is some of the best we ever had (we ordered an order of plain and garlic naan). It was fluffy and crisp and definitely fresh! Also recommend the chicken tikka which was so juicy and beautifully seasoned, and the delicious Palak Paneer. This is now our #1 favorite place for Bangladeshi/Indian cuisine in Pittsburgh. So grateful that GrubHub and DoorDash deliver this wonderful food to CMU. Now we know our soon will be able to eat delicious food while studying late into the night.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This was my first and last time at Bangal Kabab House. I am not from this area and really wanted to try a Kabab!! I ordered a Chicken Malai Kabab and Garlic Naan. First of all, aren't you a a kabab house? There is only 3-5 Kabab options on the menu, I ordered pickup. When I got home, it definitely was not a Kabab. Isn't a Kabab supposed to be on a skewer?  No. I just got pieces of chicken. Granted it was good, and I did get rice, which I did not know it came with, but I was highly disappointed I didn't get the fully experience of a Kabob. and the rice tastes like cinnamon??My Naan was cold and literally looked and felt like they just threw some shredded cheese on and maybe put it in a microwave for 30 seconds. I only am staying 8 minutes away it shouldn't have been that cold. I heated it up more once I got home, which even melted the cheese more....Overall and okay experience but I will not be back especially due to the weird entry way that I wanted to turn away but already had ordered online", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had the chicken curry and wow was it great. Excellent unique flavors that I've never had before blended together to form a dish that I would definitely order again. Even the white rice is delicious on its own. However, I'm most excited to try the rest of the extensive menu. The staff were very friendly and poured me up a complimentary cup of soda!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After weeks of telling my boyfriend I was craving Indian food, we finally visited Bangal Kabab. A friend of mine used to live in Oakland and we went here a couple times before, but it's been a while and I was excited to come back.If you're dining in, you receive an order of complimentary papad with 3 sauces. Papad is a thin, crispy almost chip-like food that you can use for dipping or eat by itself. We also started with an order of the garlic cheese naan, which I definitely have fond memories of from visits past. Their naan is always perfectly crispy, slightly charred just the way I like it, and tastes great.One of the first times I came here, I remember ordering the mango chicken and it being amazing. The mango chicken is in a curry-type sauce and is served with rice. It's not overly sweet, and you can definitely taste the mango in the sauce. Curry spice is a strong flavor, and sometimes it can be overpowering, but Bangal Kabab does an excellent job at seasoning just right. I decided on an order of mango chicken, my boyfriend got the lamb shank, and we got an order of bhindi masala. Okra is one of my favorite vegetables and it's not the easiest to find up north, so when I saw the bhindi masala which (lightly-fried okra with tomatoes and onions in sauce) I had to go for it.In total, our meal was a dollar or two over $40 for a ton of food and plenty of leftovers. We nearly 2 to-go boxes packed all the way full with leftovers for the next couple days! There was a 20% off special on Yelp, so always check for specials before paying. You never know! We loved all of our food, and we'll certainly be back. Bangal Kabab has been a high-quality spot as long as I've been going there, and I'd recommend it to anyone with the taste for good, authentic Indian food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food is excellent! Its right next to where I work so its super convenient. I've ordered numerous items and theyve been good. The malai kofta is a lil dry on the inside but the flavor is good. Make sure to mention if you want it spicy or not as it can be very sweet normally. The chicken biryani is authentic and ofc delish. Do try different items but mention the spice level.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Incredible food. Will be coming back, super friendly staff that is incredibly generous as well. if you are looking for a lot of great food for not s lot of money go here.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Unfortunately, this is not that great of an Indian place. Maybe I just ordered the wrong food; I'm not real sure. I got the malai kofta (first time trying it), paneer pakora, mango lassi, and naan bread. The paneer pakora had a fine portion, but was honestly falling apart. The breading was coming off and the cheese was quite hard. The malai kofta portion was quite measly. It may be the smallest Indian portion I have gotten from a Pittsburgh place. Maybe 2-3 kofta balls. The sauce is very creamy and seemed to be Americanized. The inside of the kofta is a bit on the dry side but it is extremely sweet. Not a good combination at all.The lassi is fine, has a slightly unique taste to it but was pleasant. Naan bread is pretty average. I would say that overall, the prices are quite decent but the portions are pretty small. The food is quite mediocre, but I believe they are known for their kebobs. So, maybe try those or the crab curry/korma, those seem to be more authentic and interesting. I may be back to try those, but based on what I had, it's definitely not one of my favorites in Oakland.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I hate to write a bad review but...this place was absolutely filthy. Maggots on the floor under the bench we were sitting at, the utensils had dirt and grime on them. Honestly, I'm so unbelievably disappointed in the cleanliness of this place, especially since they serve halal food. The waiter wasn't wearing a mask the entire time and was honestly pretty rude. Also I showed the waiter that I had checked in on Yelp and a 20% off coupon popped up so I showed it to him at time of payment and he said that they stopped doing that promotion 5years ago...maybe take it down then? Their hours listed on the front door are wrong, they changed those too and have failed to update them. Yeah the food was okay, it was good food. But I can't imagine how dirty the back is if the front of house is this dirty. We paid a little under $100 for 3 people to eat and some leftovers. Overpriced, rude, and dirty. Don't recommend at all.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I got the gyro with lamb meat. I haven't had many gyros in my life, but this is the best I've had. The pita bread was buttery, something about it stood out and liked most about it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "As a recent Pitt grad, I'm so disappointed I didn't know about this place before graduating. It's a small restaurant packed with huge flavors. It's a good location for limited college budgets, as they give you a discount if you are a student. There is a buffet or you can order from their extensive menu. We opted to order from the menu, but the buffet looked super yummy. The worker (I believe he was a college student as well) was extremely nice and gave us a try of a dish from the buffet. We were so impressed we ordered it as an appetizer! You can choose the spice level 0-10 and I chose a 3 fo my dish. It was a perfect spice level for me, but my boyfriend got a level 6 spice level and loved it! Everything we had packed had so many delicious flavors! The service was quick and friendly. I would 1000% got back and trying other dishes because they had so many to choose from!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had never had biryani before, but now I'm hooked. It was explained to me as meat cooked and spiced, with raw rice placed on top so that it cooks and absorbs all the flavor. I've gotten the chicken biryani twice, and I love it! I'm craving it right now. Fast delivery via grubhub, and generous portions that allows for multiple meals. I will be ordering again!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This restaurant has excellent food the service was amazing! The Lovely lady at the counter was so kind and Helpful. The customer service was amazing highly recommend this place. We got the lamb and rice', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Certainly a fan of Bangal Kabab! My girlfriend and I have been to Bangal Kabab House once before our most recent trip this past weekend. We most definitely enjoyed ourself and the food was some of the best Indian food I've ever had. This time around her little brother wanted to experience the wonderful Indian grub, for the first time! So we looked no other than Bangal down in Oakland!This time around I stayed true to my roots, I'm a sucker when it comes to   some lamb. Last visit, I got the lamb shank which was this huge slab of lamb on the bone. So tender and juicy, the meat was just shredding off the bone. Delicious! I ended up trying out the Lamb Kadahai. What a solid choice! The lamb was pulled from the bone this time and served in a spicy onion gravy. My goodness! Again, the lamb was wonderfully cooked, it was as smooth as butter to cut into. The gravy, even though not really spicy, was thick and onion really allowed those spices to pop! My girlfriend with the chicken masala which she also amazing. I know because I tried a helping myself (what BF doesn't try their lady's food). And her brother went with the chicken korma. Being his first time trying Indian, the way he lapped up that meal, he must of really enjoyed it! For me what makes Bangal Kabab House so good, our the prices for the amount of food you get. We ordered 3 entrees, 2 baskets of garlic naan and a side of meat samsosas. We got all that for 45 bucks after our 20% off Yelp coupon! This is place is great, and if you like Indian food, or if you want to try it out and see if you do, Bangal Kabab is the place to go!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Tried to go there..the sight of the establishment Doorway made me change my mind..I have no comment on the food because I didn't order anything from here. I rest my case.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Easy to pass by on the street, but a site to check out if you're around Oakland. I found the service and food to be as good as I could hope for. As a smaller establishment, expect it to be cozier and more homely.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food there is always on point. I kind of miss the music videos playing in the background during the buffet.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Delicious, affordable indian food. For 10 people, we ordered 6 dishes (that came with rice) and 4 orders of naan. We maybe could have ordered 1-2 more dishes, but we were super hungry. The food was fresh and flavorful. We ordered the chicken tikka masala (2), lamb curry, lamb vindaloo, tandoori chicken and paneer tikka makni. The tandoori chicken was so flavorful! We'll definitely come back for the lunch buffet. They also do delivery through grubhub!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My first visit here was over the summer. I ordered the malai kofta and thought it was great. Overall, had a pretty good experience. However, my second visit here a few days ago wasn't as good as my first. This time, I came in with a friend for their lunch buffet. We walked in and stood there for 2-3 minutes because the only guy working was on the phone. We made awkward eye contact, but he didn't motion us to sit down or anything. Eventually, we just sat down. When he came over to pour us water, he didn't really speak to us. The food at the buffet was fine, except for the rice, which was dry and hardened and had clearly been left out for hours.The interior is interesting. Most of it looks like a typical Indian restaurant: lots of colors (especially reds and oranges) and a TV screen playing a Bollywood film. The chandelier in the center of the restaurant is what threw me off. It is bright and gorgeous, giving the place a more lavish feel, but didn't really match the rest of the restaurant. I think you're better off ordering from the menu here instead of doing the buffet. Their lunch buffet doesn't really stand out from other Indian lunch buffets in Oakland and service could be a lot better. Taste | 3.5Atmosphere | 3Presentation | 3Service | 2OVERALL | 3", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "AYCE (all you can eat) lunch buffet for $9.99=happiness...As other reviews have pointed out, each dish has a very distinct delightful flavor and is very light in comparison to other curries from other Indian places. Perhaps it's a representation of a different region, one which does not use an abundance of ghee? Parking is a pain but I don't feel like I can take away points for something beyond the restaurants control. One of the things which stood out so favorably in my mind of this place is the young gentleman who was our server... He was attentive and provided one of the best dining experiences with his kindness and eagerness to make it a good dining experience for everyone there. He made me feel like I was a visitor in his home and he wanted to be the most hospitable and gracious host. The tea in the end was the perfect ending to a wonderful meal.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'As a person who can rarely turn down Indian food, we swing in here after grabbing some tacos next door at Las Palmas because we wanted to give it a try. They were anything but thrilled about us not wanting to do their buffet. After reluctantly giving us a menu, we split an appetizer because getting anything else would have been much more expensive than both of us getting the buffet (making it look like a good deal). It was good and flavorful, but not a 5 on the spicy scale like we asked for. I never really know how scale the food, especially with Indian, clearly I was very off. I felt uncomfortable the whole time as if we were inconveniencing them despite being the only people in the restaurant. I really wish I had for my place to fix my Indian food craving (that happens way too often) but I will have to keep looking!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food here was richly flavored and delicious.  Totally satisfied a craving for Indian food my companion and I were having.Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Madras, Goat Saag -- all very good (but don't believe the claim that the goat dish will be boneless meat).We got take out, so hard to comment on the wait staff beyond this: they were very conscientious about asking about the spice level of the dishes, but otherwise they were a little puzzled-seeming, like they had ended up in this restaurant by accident.Anyway, I would happily eat here again.  Recommended.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Best Indian food in Oakland area with reasonable price. What I like the most is that their buffet has tons of meat so i think it is decent. The taste is good in general. Instead of giving a five star, I think there is always improvement potential. I don't love this place crazily but definitely a great place to go sometime.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Maybe it's the dishes I order, but this place is not the place for you if you aren't into spicy foods. The samosa is maybe my most favorite samosa ever with the traditional powder you would find on a samosa in India. That being said, it's pretty spicy and I love and can tolerate very spicy food. I love their vegetable biryani, though I'm sure it's not as healthy as it sounds. Their chicken seems to vary. I'm not sure if it's the time of day, the chef, or what they have in stock but I almost always get the chicken vindaloo and it's been slightly different several times (sometimes it's chicken thighs, sometimes cubes, sometimes a totally differ color or consistency). It's never been bad, just inconsistent.Parking is limited on the street and pro tip: do not park in or even slightly in the handicapped spot on the opposite side of the street. The man who lives in the house has and will call to get you towed! I would never, but I saw some guy park inches over the line and the man was out there on the phone reading the license plate to someone.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Got delivery from here for lunch. I ordered the crab korma, because I love crab and it sounded interesting. It was a bit sweeter(taste and smell somewhat reminded me of Thai curry?) than I expected but it was really good! There was also lots of crab meat :D I'm looking forward to trying their lunch buffet sometime.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A small restaurant tucked away in the residential streets of college town by the university, this place provided a quick and delicious Indian meal to satiate my curry cravings. I ordered for takeout over the phone, no hassles, and picked up my food, no hassles.Vegetarian samosas: delicately fried with a fairly flaky exterior and absolutely delicious interior! I really enjoyed the balance of potato, peas, etc. that was fluffy on the palate. I feel that the exterior could have been crispier, but honestly was a solid samosa.Chicken tikka masala: a bit sweeter than what I'm familiar with. I appreciated the strong tomato flavor as well as a kind of smokey caramelized sugar possibly as a result of a sweeter base. One other thing I really enjoyed was that the chicken was very tender and very tasty! The one criticism is that the dish was overall a bit saltier than I preferred.Overall a very good Indian meal!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great food and customer service. We went there on a Wednesday night, the host had a corner table reserved for us. We ordered the Bangla special Biryani, seekh kabab, lamb curry and chicken. Everything was delicious. Good prices and delicious food. Will go back soon.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I just discovered this place and am in love! The lunch boxes are such a great value, the Chicken Tikka Masala is phenomenal (some of the best i've ever had) and the service is always friendly. Cant recommend this place enough. Hopefully their buffet will be operational soon.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Absolutely one of my favorite restaurants. The kebabs are all so tasty and the Naan (particularly the garlic) is the best I've had.Only thing I think they're missing is Toum and Hummus. If they had those two things I'd eat there twice a week easily.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Ordered take out and got lamb korma and goat curry at a 9 out of 10 spice level. Both dishes were distinct and delicious. The korma had a sweet taste to it but still great. The curry had a creamy taste but still great. Different but tasty. The garlic naan could be better, it was thin and and flaky. All in all great Indian food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "There was Sand on the naans!!!!You read that right! The naans had a fine grains of sand all over them! I ordered a Lamb Haleem to go and got naans with it. I opened the foil and took the first bite and I felt sand in my teeth! The Haleem itself wasn't greatly made, either. It felt like the chef left it to cook a day too long. Haleem isn't supposed to be watery! Maybe they have other options that are good and sand-free but the Haleem wasn't definitely it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A truly unique Indian restaurant.. huge servings and really good food.. served by a Jamaican server with Native American playing on a video! Quality of food is outstanding! Made to order! We had chicken makhni and lamb Korma. In a college town this is a favorite place and now I know why!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fast and delicious Indian buffet.  It hits the spot every time.  It's my favorite Indian lunch spot in Oakland.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was in the area for a quick visit and wanted to see what the area had to offer in the way of Indian food and this restaurant did NOT disappoint!Nestled just a few blocks off the Univ. of Pittsburgh's campus, this restaurant sits on a quiet, residential street. A bright red awning made it clear I had arrived.When I first walked in around 7:00 on a Tuesday, I quickly made 2 observations: I was the only patron and it was small inside. I didn't let that phase me as I quickly grabbed a seat at a small 2-person table and ordered a mango lassi. There was a large TV showing a Bollywood movie on the front wall. The other walls were brightly painted and had few pictures.My bright orange lassi was as expected: cold and full of flavor. I ordered the two-piece chicken samosa which came out golden brown and piping hot after 5-7 minutes. I used the three dipping sauces provided to add a little spice or sweetness. I never ordered samosa's before but they were tasty and were a great precursor to the rest of my meal.For the main course, I settled on lamb vindaloo ordered with an average spice and a side order of naan. By this time, 2 families totaling about 8 people trickled in and took up half the seating by the front window. A single man who brought a bottle of wine sat near me in a booth.My lamb vindaloo came out looking delicious and I could smell the aromatic flavors synonymous with Indian food. Basmati rice also came with the vindaloo. I had to remind my server of my naan order which he quickly brought out. It was hot and had several dribbles of butter on it.I don't claim to be a connoisseur of Indian food but I have been to India before and been to 10-12 different Indian restaurants around the country so I have an idea of what to expect. Bengal Kabob House was second to none. The lamb and potatoes were tender to cut and the vindaloo flavors blended together amazingly well which left no doubt the food was authentic. Each bite went down easy and the spice and portion size was just right. I enjoyed a second mango lassi with my vindaloo. Throughout the night, the server was attentive but by no means overbearing. The prices were very reasonable and they didn't charge me for my second mango lassi although I mentioned it was not on my bill. Very classy!Overall, I had a great experience. I went with the expectation of eating a good Indian meal and walked away feeling completely satisfied. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants an authentic Indian meal at prices even college students can afford!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited with CM for lunch a week ago at 12:30.  I'm not a huge fan of buffets in general, but the positive reviews and word on the street convinced me to give this place a try.  CM was game, so we met there to enjoy some quality Indian cuisine.As a regular at Prince of India, CM was impressed with the range of options available on the buffet, which put theirs to shame.  I was as well, with the caveat that, as Lauren B. mentioned, all the meat items were chicken-based.  While this wasn't too much of an issue for me, since I'm picky when it comes to meat, I can see how lovers of lamb and goat might find it off-putting, and even I would have appreciated the ability to try the fish curries that other reviewers speak highly of.For a buffet, we felt that the quality of the food items was good, though nothing in particular stood out.  The only item I found lacking was the rice pudding like dish--but then again, I'm not a huge fan of rice pudding, anyway.  The price for the weekday lunch buffet is now $10--not $8, as it used to be.As others have mentioned, the seating area is on the smaller side. It wasn't busy when we visited, however--perhaps because the word hasn't spread about this place yet?  At any rate, we were pleased with our experience here, and would return the next time we're hungry for Indian food at lunch.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Stopped in yesterday for the buffet that everyone was raving about on here. When we walked in neither the man behind the counter or the server sitting next to him could look up from their phones to acknowledge us. So we just helped ourselves. The food was room temperature and nothing I would eat again. Definitely not going back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fast forward couple of months, and I disappointed that Bangal Kabab has lost it's original charm. Went here recently for dinner, and the food tasted so much worse. The samosas were too oily, the chicken tikka  masala was not very flavorful. We decided to not go there again...Original review:What a nice hole in the wall kind of Indian restaurant! Cheap, efficient and most importantly delicious!We have already been there twice in the past few weeks. The food is tasty and affordable. The samosas seemed to have been freshly made, and they tasted gorgeous! We tried the chicken curry, which was basically a simple chicken gravy, but was flavorful. The chicken makhani was excellent! Reminded me of dhaba style restaurants back home in India! The Biryani was delicious too, and oh, the nan is amazing! We are definitely going back there to try other dishes on the menu, and check out their desserts.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The kebabs and biryanis are delicious. Highly recommend the lunch buffet. You can adjust the spiciness to your taste. Overall, it was a wonderful experience.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of my favorite Indianan places in Pittsburgh. Their biryani was so good and well seasoned. I've had their saag as well. Really good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "It's one of the best Indian buffet I ever had !! Their tea is amazing and the chicken Marsala is the best ! And the yoghurt! OMG! Five star!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food was great! Got it delivered and was my first time so I opted out of any spice level to the dishes. Samosas were very good and BIG! I had mango lamb it was very fresh tasting. Next time I'll get some spice added though :)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Big fan of the lamb shank served here , it's simply amazing have never seen any Indian restaurant serving lamb shank , this ones on top of my list , just loved the Indian spices on the shank it tastes so good ! Can't wait to try other dishes! 5 on 5!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I was in pittsburg for couple of nights, ordered delivery from here. The food was bland, no taste, a basic dal was watery. I hv eaten indian food all my life but nothin so bad.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is a hidden gem in Oakland! I came here for the lunch buffet with friends right when the restaurant opened and was so satisfied with the food. Everything was nicely flavored and there were both veg and non-veg options. I went back for multiple plates and our waiter was very attentive to our table. Plus they have a student discount so my meal was just $8.99!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The chicken tika is out if this world. This is authentic Indian food .Not much for ambience  but the sauces are pure Utter Pradash Provence and simply amazing.Feel like I am back in India', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'First time in Pittsburgh and found this place on Yelp. The Indian food was great we had the garlic naan bread - 1 of the best / chicken samosa very tasty / chicken tandoori very tender and tasty also. Nice people and good service.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Imagine the surprise of discovering a great place for Bengali food in Pittsburgh. This is a cozy little place on Atwood St. Staff was warm and recommended great dishes. I had the boneless lamb biriyani. Well cooked soft pieces of lamb in spicy rice with raisins. Raita (yogurt salt and cucumber pieces) on the side. Excellent meal. My friends ordered paneer and chicken tikka masala. Those tasted great too. Overall a great cozy place for a quiet dinner. Biriyani is a must try. Staff is friendly and recommends the best of dishes.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place was smaller than I had expected but the food is still very tasty! I went for the lunch buffet and it was only $8.99. I was deceived by the sign outside because it says student discount of 15% but when I went to pay for the buffet they said the 15% off doesn't apply to the buffet. The food was very good however we only got water in the beginning and end of our meals (which isn't a lot considering the food can be salty/spicy at times) so it would've been nice if we had some more water throughout our meal. Also, there was only one waitress the entire time and there is a minimum of $10 when paying with credit card (which is hard when you're just going for lunch!)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Excellent Indian food! They do a great job with their flavor combinations and none of their food is too heavy, everything was fresh and delicious.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A decent lunch buffet in Oakland, but not as good as past memory.- Small restaurant, with only a few trays of food. The food hasn't changed since I visited a year ago. Good if you like consistency, I guess?+ Most of the trays are flavorful and cooked well. My favorite are the peas! Also, you can get your unlimited naan fix here. - Not much to expect in the way of service...+ ... but they're good at keeping your water glasses full, haha. I guess that's what's important here.I think before when it was a newer buffet and a little cheaper, the limited variety seemed more reasonable. Even having only gone a handful of times, it feels repetitive. Still, it's a consistent option if you know that you want to eat a lot of Indian food to fill up! If I return, I'll give ordering off their menu a try.(Extra notes: lunch buffet is about $11 with tax. Their credit card minimum is $10.)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'These guys serve great Biryani. The Chicken Biryani is honestly great. However I have some qualms about the Special Biryani and the Paneer Makhni.1. Biryani is not supposed to contain random vegetables unless it is a vegetable biryani. And the special biryani has all kinds of vegetables. Thats weird. Please look into it.2. The Paneer Makhni is terrible. The most terrible Paneer Makhni I have ever had. Not only its unbelievably sweet, I think they put in some sort of artificial flavor which makes it taste horribly bad. Please work on them.P.S : Biryani is also not supposed to contains Nuts/"Badam" unless you are putting chicken in a veg pulao. Authentic biryani is simple and aromatic.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food was excellent. We had samosa Chat then Shrimp tikka masala and vegetable  jalfrezi masala .We chose 5 out of 10 for our spice level, and it was perfect , though I did notice others around asking for only 2 or 3.  I guess we are seasoned Indian food tasters, being from the U.K. Highly recommend going here for fresh tasty food. The wait staff was very friendly, just wish they served an ice cold beer, had to make do with a diet Soda. Very reasonably priced too,', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have only ever been here for the lunch buffet, but I have out of the five other lunch buffets I have tried so far in Pittsburgh, this one is by far my favorite. I can't say much for the off-menu items, but as long as the buffet keeps putting out a tasty selection, that's what I'll be returning for, because it's hard to pick just one main dish!The buffet always has naan, plain basmati rice, some kind of biryani, veggie pakoras, and tandoori chicken.  There is almost always chicken tikka masala, and chana masala (chickpeas). The rest of the selection changes a bit week by week...usually there is some kind of lentil dish and some kind of potato dish present, and then one more type of chicken. It's not the biggest selection, but I am usually a fan of every dish, so that's fine with me. The flavors of each dish tend to be quite strong, which I love, as many buffets seem to skimp on or water down the flavor of buffet items.  Nothing is every really that spicy, but that's how buffets usually are.The ambiance is cozy - I don't know for sure, but it seems like it's just a family running the restaurant. The front door looks like the front door of my mom's house, and the inside has maybe 9-10 tables seating 2 or 4.  There is always just one waiter, and he keeps our water glasses full and clears plates as needed, so no complaints there. Sometimes there are Bollywood videos running on the TV at the front of the restaurant. I tend to enjoy them.The dessert selection is meh for the buffet, but my obsession with Indian food is directed at curry, so that doesn't make a difference for me.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "BTW some other guests complained about the TV and Bollywood videos. They will happily turn the volume down or turn it off if you just ask. Sometimes we like it, sometimes not. We've tried a couple of other Indian in town since my original review - this is still the best flavor. Well spiced and not too sweet.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Naan and chicken tikka masala were amazing as were the sauces - pick up was quick and easy.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My daughter and I were in the area for a college tour. It was so cold that we didn't want to walk to go eat out. We found this restaurant on Yelp and it said they do deliveries! Good! So I called them and asked for delivery but they told me it's not available. What?? First I thought it was because it's too cold, but NO!!! The driver wasn't available. What?? But both our minds and tummies were so ready for Indian food, we just couldn't forget about it. So guess what? We walked 10 minutes in 9F weather. We're glad we did it!! The food was so warm and good - it made our body so warm from the inside out. Warm lentil soup, curry, chick peas...it was so good!! It was worth the walk in the cold weather! The flavor from Indian spice was perfect.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great selection and excellent quality of authentic Desi/Indian/Bangledeshi food. Truly one of my go-to restaurants in Pittsburgh for food that never fails to disappoint. Every time I finish I already look forward to the next time I get the pleasure to enjoy the food again. Chicken curry dishes, goat curry, shrimp korma, and goat biryani are my go-to's.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So this restaurant is GREAT! The lunch buffet is only $9.99, the food is delicious, and it comes with just AMAZING service. When we got there, the owner came out and greeted us, gave us recommendations, and even brought us fresh naan! While we ate he chatted us up, asked about our lives, and told us about his. The food was very good Indian food, but I will be returning because the staff was so friendly and genuine. Definitely check them out!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So I ordered some samoas, poori, and the fish curry from here. The samosas were stale, as if they've been sitting around for a day.  This would have been okay, sometimes take out gets the food sitting around all day. But what irked me was that the poori was not a poori! It was an oily, gross, and most importantly - a FLAT - roti. A poori, by definition, puffs. It is puffed bread. When I called the restaurant about this, the person who picked up tried to mansplain to me what a poori is. Sorry, I guess in my 30 years of life, I've been eating pooris wrong the whole time; my mother, my grandmother, and every other Bengali person I know with whom I've had pooris are also wrong- I will be sure to let them know they've been eating the wrong thing their lives too and calling it a poori mistakenly. Now, the fish curry, it's $10, that's fine, but giving me only HALF a piece of fish for $10 is NOT fine. In fact, it is highway robbery. Needless to say, I will not be coming back here.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came here for the lunch buffet- i had training for work in a hotel in Oakland. I saw the reviews here were astoundingly high- I had to come and check it out. I have a well developed pallet for Indian/Pakistani and all the food surrounding countries of this sort as my girlfriend is Pakistani and I have been trying authentic food for the last year or so. Bengal Kebab was a decent experience i came alone for the buffet which was $10, the selection was not massive and the experience was not 5 star but this Bangladeshi restaurant was a good 3.5 stars - I will round up to be kind. They had an array of masalas and curries with a salad bar. I would give it a B for cleanliness and decor and a B+ for service as the guy running the restaurant always made sure I stayed full on water. I didnt think to much of the dishes with chicken or the plain vegetable curries- there was one curry that really danced well with my taste buds it was the Moat Curry or something like that, it consisted of curry, sweet peas, and cubes of cheese (paneer) i believe. It was very good. I would imagine the dishes you get here when the lunch buffet is not active are much tastier. It is halal if you are a abiding muslim, and it tastes pretty good. I would return.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'First of all I would just like to state what is required to have a restaurant, just 2 things. Food and service, this place does have both but they are do very bad at both. I stopped in here with my family for dinner and with an empty restaurant it took 5 min before we got sat by a individual that seemed he was at home rather than work. He greeted us with no uniform and wearing sandals, and then pointed to the table he wanted us to be seated, not very professional. Next he took our order mind you wearing sandals and a toothpick in his mouth. The food was edible but as all the yelpers are pointing out its extraordinary and worthy of 5 stars, Far From It!!! Bland and boring Indian food at best. I am guessing yelpers feel pity for this restaurant and the price is reasonable that is what people prefer. I however like to pay good money for good  authentic Indian food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This became my go to Indian take out spot during my stay in Pgh. Small hole in the wall restaurant that many people will miss, but this place will satisfy all your Indian food cravings! Pretty extensive menu and ugh their chicken tikka and makhani is sooo good! They give you a huge container of mango lassi if you order it to go! Either way, good portion. Quality was always good here and quick service! Only down point was that I didn't discover this place earlier!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is the best Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh that I have been to (admittedly, I have only been to five or six.) The food is absolutely delicious and is the main selling point; this is the tastiest Indian restaurant food I have had in the US. The service is great, although sometimes slow. Portions are generous and the price is extremely reasonable. They even give you a papad with chutney for free while you are waiting!There is one complaint I have, however; I almost changed my rating to 4 because of this. I have written this elsewhere before, so I'm copying and pasting: They serve rice with almost every dish and do not allow substitutions. To be fair, this appears to be the general practice in all Indian restaurants in Pittsburgh that I've been to; this is remarkably pointless and inauthentic. It makes absolutely no sense to serve rice with a majority of the dishes on the menu, especially the dry dishes. If you work at Bangal Kabab and you are reading this, I sincerely suggest that you allow your customers to replace the rice with some basic butter naan. If that is too expensive for you, at least include an option to upgrade the rice to naan for a small price.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is the best Indian food you can get in Pittsburgh. Yes, you heard it right, its better than Tamarind, Udupi and Yuva India. Me and a group of friends came to this place for dinner and we were ecstatic!I ordered a chicken biryani, which was really fresh and properly cooked. They also serve great fish curries as its basically a bangaldeshi group of people running the restaurant. At the end of our meal we got free chai -- yes, free chai -- and this is real chai, not tea where you need to put creamer on top -- its real Indian chai.The service was very kind and its the best food you can get around CMU or rather Pittsburgh. Not to forget that its not an expensive place at all!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered delivery from Grubhub and got the chef's appetizer which was extremely dry, the chicken korma (sauce was broken) or was just extremely thin and lacking in flavor with gamey tasting chicken, and a roti which was unfortunately undercooked. I was really looking forward to eating and I'm a bit disappointed. The portion sizes were also super small! Maybe it is different eating in the restaurant.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Just 4 weeks ago I awarded Bangal Kabab the coveted fifth star for the consistent quality and bargain price of their lunch buffet. I visited today and was sorely disappointed: the selection and quality of the food was far below their previous standard, and many of the items were cold. They did not even bring out fresh naan once during the 45 minutes I spent there. To add insult to injury, when I went to check out they informed me that the price is now $10 instead of the $8 it had been for the past six months; this change in pricing was not advertised anywhere as far as I could tell. $10 would not be unfair (although certainly not a bargain) if the quality were what it used to be, but for what I got today it was a total ripoff.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So I was in a hurry when a friend and I decided to order take out buffet from this place.  We were informed that the cost was $5/lb. Well, my friend filled her box and I got about half a box.  He charged us the same:  9.00 bux.  He claimed that each was at least 2lbs just by lifting each (perhaps with the $2 can of soda it was), but he was only charging us for 1.5 lbs.Last I checked, 1.5 x 5.00 is 7.50.  Not 9 bux.I let it go because I had to rush back to work.  I called them back to inform them that this practice was unacceptable.  I was grossly overcharged (my food did not even equal a pound).The manager's response:  you can go to another buffet.Will do.  I'll be sure that everyone I know does as well.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Their biryani taste really good. I tried the veggie platter which comes with a samosa, panner bajji and pakados and it tasted hot and delicious. The only disadvantage to this place is the ambience and limited space which needs to be improved.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Definitely far from a 5 star..not sure why other yelpers have found this place to be worthy of a 5..Came here with friends for a buffet..the spread was pretty ordinary..staff was pretty avg..taste wise no complaints though..but a 5 star is disappointing..I would say this is a 3.5..', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I finally, FINALLY tried this place after seeing a bunch of 5 star reviews and hearing an over the top recommendation from my roommate. Since we have the same tastes, I decided to go ahead and make the trek down the grimey streets of South Oakland to find this place.First things first, the place is tiny. As in, I'm only 5'5 and I felt like I had to duck into the doorway tiny. There was an extreme lack of extravagant Indian decor that I have come to know and love from other Indian restaurants in the area. The bright orange paint didn't feel as refined as the decor at Yuva Indian, but the place was spotless so I'll take that over ambiance any day. Secondly, the service was just fine, but I don't expect much in the way of Asian buffets. As long as I get a hello and a refill on water when I need it I'm pretty much good to go. There was some cool music playing when I walked in and an Asian gentleman next to me was singing along to it, which only added to the ambiance in my book. Lastly, for being a buffet, the food was excellent. I have never had such flavorful food from a buffet line before. Typically foreign dishes are watered down and bland on a buffet, but my goodness they tasted like they were all made to order. I tried some dishes that I thought I straight up didn't like because they've been so tasteless at other joints, but I enjoyed most of the vegetarian options here and was very very pleased the taste and texture of the meat dishes. I was seriously shocked. In my opinion, the flavorful buffet puts this place world's ahead of anything offered elsewhere in the area. I may even place this spot over Tamarind due to the wider array of options. My only complaint is how warm the place was. It was a muggy day out and I felt there was no circulation in the dining room. There is a $10 minimum charge rule and the place is DEFINITELY too small to accommodate large groups.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great food. Our waiter, Desi, was awesome.  Very nice and good looking.  He didn't know where the Bengal region was but that's ok.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Friendly staffLip smacking curries Best naan in town', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great food - spotty serviceThis is a fantastic hole-in-the wall type of place that I love. 8-9 tables and a waiter. Clean, but DIY.  Food - We had dinner - a la carte, not buffet. For apps we had the excellent veggie samosa - hot, freshly fried with lots of different vegetables in a bit of sauce. Some places put too much potato, but this was an excellent example. We ordered a second round. The naan is excellent. Crispy, light and chewy with a ton of clarified butter. For dinner we ordered the chicken tikka masala, lamb rogan josh, and chick peas. The server offered us spiced heat on a scale of 1-10. We chose 5 but it came out closer to 7 (in my opinion) so manage your selection accordingly.  The chicken was smoky and the tomato sauce nice and thick. The rogan josh had small chunks of lamb, and the brown sauce had a nice hint of ginger. Both of these standard-bearer dishes will not disappoint. The chick peas were unremarkable with a more watery sauce which was over spiced - closer to an 8. When we ordered dinner we also ordered mango and salt lassi. For some reason the server didn't want to bring them during dinner - maybe I missed the memo that in Bangladesh they are to be consumed as dessert. After asking twice he did bring them after he had cleared our dishes. Not worth the wait. They were watery and the salt lassi was a sweet lassi which had been oversalted... Oh well. So service, or maybe the culture of the place, and the fact that it is a hole in the wall, result in 4 stars. But stick with the standards and manage your expectations and it's a great indian meal in Pittsburgh.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Order some iftar items- pyaju, aloo chop, beguni - they tasted horrible. Bland and overall disappointing. Also, the portions were so small compared to the price!! Ordered goat haleem as well, and that was just alright. Kinda bummed out that the only Bengali food place has such sub par dishes.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Really good indian food. The lunch buffet is definitely worth it.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We stopped in around 5:00 or 6:00 on a Monday evening, not exactly peak hours. The place was empty, but we were greeted very warmly.The seating is cozy, and the decor is basic. There is Indian music and it's not too loud. So the ambiance is very simple (which is just fine!).We ordered the Chicken Tikka (spice level 2) and the Chicken Vindaloo (spice level 7) with a side of naan. The wait was pretty quick, 10 or 20 minutes. The service was consistently friendly. And the food was DELICIOUS.The spice levels were right on and the flavors were fabulous. The portions were fantastic for the price ($9 for what could easily be two meals worth of chicken vindaloo). And oh the fluffy, delicious naan!At the end of our meal, we were given complimentary masala tea. I don't know if this is standard at all, but it was a nice touch to be sure.In short, it was worth twice as much as we paid and definitely our new favorite Indian spot.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Amazing lunch buffet, amazing naan, delicious food. Everything seemed fresh.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The foods are delicious. I was in Pittsburgh for 4 days and everyday I had either dinner or lunch there. The lunch buffet is worth trying specially the desserts are yummy!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I went here for my birthday great food I got the lamb vindaloo it tastes a bit cinnamon I also got naan bread it was great. The parking wasn't good because it's buy Pitt college but there's a parking garage a few blocks away", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Just went here for their lunch buffet. Freaking fantastic. Everything was so fresh and delicious: naan, chutney, goat biryani, Chana masala, vegetable pakora, mator paneer, chicken masala and a few desserts...I could keep going but you get the point. Full and happy bellies. And the service was great and very nice owners. It doesn't get much better than that.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A small and limited buffet which lacked flavor. Many dishes like the cheese and peas curry tasted like it was old and reheated. Decor is nothing to speak of. In all, if you are super hungry and don't want to spend too much money, you could go here. Just don't expect flavorful food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ate Goat haleem and biryani. The haleem doesn't taste like the hyderabadi one, but in the US considering it isn't easily available, I am satisfied. The chicken biryani and Bengal special biryani are good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went to have chat and the owner was too rude to tell us that he won't serve us only chat. He even told us to jus take away the chat and not sit on the table. I was really disappointed by the treatment.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I went for their buffet lunch and everything was tasty and the lunch buffet was quite cheap. However, my one issue was that every single meat item was chicken! Would be nice to see at least one other type of meat dish, such as lamb or goat. I was also disappointed that they had no type of saag or paneer dish, though they did have a few vegetarian options. But I will try it again to see if they have other options next time. The seating area is quite small so it may be difficult to get a seat in busy times. Also the free tea doesn't apply for weekday lunch apparently but we did try the homemade chai at the end and it was quite good and authentic tasting.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Buffet is value town. There is also 10% student discount. All the entrees are good. Mango lassi for life.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "As an Indian restaurant they have very few veg option as an vegetarian i didn't find any good option for it", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Excellent food quality.  Authentic Indian food.  A place, I'd recommend any day for a great Indian Meal.  The Garlic naan and Daal Makhani were simply awesome.  The waiter also offer us a complimentary Mango Lassi as they were running out of Sweet Lassi.  The Sweet Lassi is great too.  I was skeptical at first about the quality of food.  But the ambience, the taste and the overall experience was better than most Indian restaurants in the city. I'll definitely recommend this place and come back soon.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Amazing food. Amazing host. Khub bhalo. We got the Mutton biriyani, which was amazing. Their complimentary papad is delicious with  the chutneys.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of the best $10 all you can eat lunch buffets I've been to. Don't miss the biryani.", 'review_rating': None}]