Information about Butterjoint{"businesses": [{"id": "TZpTyyGvQkKPnt59PVUGhg", "alias": "butterjoint-pittsburgh-3", "name": "Butterjoint", "image_url": "https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/3QF8JacAK03lDjZcK97_Tw/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/butterjoint-pittsburgh-3?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 311, "categories": [{"alias": "bars", "title": "Bars"}, {"alias": "tradamerican", "title": "American"}], "rating": 4.0, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.45016836693615, "longitude": -79.95077200818578}, "transactions": ["delivery"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "208 N Craig St", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["208 N Craig St", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14126212700", "display_phone": "(412) 621-2700", "distance": 1116.2983869796049}], "total": 12, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Pierogies,Chocolate Truffle Cake,Grass-fed Beef Tartare,
[{'review_text': 'I was really impressed with everything about Butterjoint. I liked the drink options and wine menu, the food and the atmosphere. I especially liked the waitstaff. They were very helpful with wine selection and food options. I fell in love with their burger! And it paired fabulously with their orange wine option.Although it was fall, we got to enjoy the outdoor dining space. That was just lovely!Hope to get back soon.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had my first experience with pierogies on a recent visit to Butterjoint!  I met 2 family members who live in Pittsburgh for dinner here and had a great experience.We started with kielbasa pierogies which were delicious.  Lots of drink options, and we had the range from beer to wine to cocktails.  Everything was delicious!For entrees, I chose the Fancy Burger with fries.  It was huge, and I was really only able to eat about half.  Another person had their soup of the day, along with a kale salad topped with grilled chicken.  The third member of our party had the chicken sandwich.  Everyone was happy with their meal.  Service was solid, even though the restaurant was pretty crowded.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Just okay. FOOD - Nothing impressive except for the Jamaican Pulled Goat & Falafel.  Pirogies & desert were fine. Duck Confit was disappointing. SERVICE - Their had no record of our reservation somehow. Waitress kept forgetting my friend's request Other waitress didn't seem very collaborative. Managers seem to care a little more. AMBIANCE - A little dark & chaotic in certain areas. PRICE - Too expensive for the quality of food.  MENU - A little limited in my opinion. I would give it another try if they improve the menu but wouldn't go again especially for how everything is priced.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'An okay spot in Oakland. Was told they have the best burger in Pittsburgh and finally made it here today. I had no problem finding some street parking nearby. Reservation was made with Open Table. Restaurant space is nice, it was pretty busy tonight. Staff was friendly, service was just okay. Their menu is somewhat limited. I knew I was going to get the burger but beyond that nothing really looked good to me. I didn\'t like that they use chicken thighs for all the chicken dishes. We started with their "Lumps" aka bread rolls which were fantastic, I really liked the apple butter. The fried pickles were not great, some of the pickle spears were so measly. I thought the burger was fine, definitely not the best in Pittsburgh though. Someone I was with got the burger as well and hated it, said too well done and bun was stale. At $21 (after adding bacon), it\'s definitely overpriced. Everything seems a bit pricy here, didn\'t help that we were also charged $3.50 for a coffee that we didn\'t order or get (didn\'t catch that until we left). Make sure to check your receipts. Glad I checked it out but will probably not go back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I went here on a Tuesday evening with four friends for dinner. I made reservations on OpenTable which probably weren't necessary. We were seated in their spacious dining area and our service was very prompt and friendly. There is also a bar area adjacent to the dining area that has happy hour specials. The inside was decorated with adorable lanterns which helped liven up the place. I really enjoyed my Tiki Tuesday cocktail as well as my Pink's Not Dead cocktail. A couple of friends got other cocktails that they thought were just okay - one was the Gabagool and the other was a very mezcal forward one. The food came out pretty quickly. The fries are fried in tallow and are some of the best in Pittsburgh. The bread is milk bread and it's delightfully fluffy and lightly sweet. The pierogies were crispy and perfect. I also really enjoyed my burger and the desserts.Overall, Butterjoint is always a solid dinner spot. I've been here multiple times before and I'm sure I'll be back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Incredible neighborhood bar restaurant with elite food but down home food too.  Pierogis amazing.  Burger terrific Abd some great local beers and cocktails.  Love the decor', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place was a great find on my work trip. I walked a mile to get here and it was worth it. The atmosphere is very nice and I chose to sit at the bar. The service was quick and friendly. I ordered more than I could eat just to try a few things. The pierogies are fantastic. I tried the fancy burger and it was great. They serve it with a huge  pile of fries which were equally good. Everything tasted fresh. They have a full bar and specialized cocktails. I like that they also serve nonalcoholic wines, beers and cocktails. The only thing I would ask is either leaving a bottle of ketchup/mayo or using bigger (non paper) cups. Just a minor thing. I would love to return.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Convenient location close to campus for both Pitt and CMU. Casual dining but slightly on the expensive side. Service is always super friendly.I've been here a few times, but some of the dishes that I had photos of are not on the menu anymore. Personally, I've felt that their sandwiches were better than their large plates. My favorite is probably the chicken sandwich, nothing super special but tastes good. Drinks are more reasonably priced. Nothing too fancy but all around $10.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My friend and I tried Butterjoint a few weeks ago! I heard that their burgers were really good, so I wanted to give one a try. I ordered a cheeseburger (came with fries) and my friend ordered the pierogi platter. The food was so good and service was wonderful too! The vibes of this place are a little quirky but in a great way! This spot would be great for date night or a friends night out! I'll definitely be back to try some drinks and desserts!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Really nice food and beer selection. Great fries, burgers and pierogis. The service was friendly and attentive and the place was cozy.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is such a cozy environment! Great place to go with a close group of friend to catch up over some drinks and good food! They have a great bar that can make anything, I always get a dirty martini here! The spicy ranch that comes with the crispy fried pickles is scrumptious! The raclette is the best app if you're a cheese person! It's just melted cheese with focaccia and is to die for! The burger is a staple and never disappoints! The wait staff is so knowledgeable and makes the best recommendations if you don't know what to order. They also make you feel really relaxed and able to enjoy your meal, never rushing you along.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'m a big believer in asking the staff at a restaurant what they love. Unless you run into the occasional vegan who doesn\'t eat anything they serve, you can usually get a few great recommendations.Our server here, Lydia, was no exception. She recommended several excellent items, including:1. The "Mercy of the Bartender" cocktail option, which is a recommendation for taking the recommendation of the bartender, in essence. Meta. Also a good time, as I got a weird and wonderful cumin-tasting drink that I loved.2. The Fancy Burger. Because we are clearly fancy people. And we enjoyed the hell out of this juicy burger stacked with gruyere, bacon, glass onion jam, lettuce, and house pickles. I can\'t say if it\'s the best burger in Pittsburgh (I haven\'t eaten enough here), but it\'s definitely the best burger I\'ve had in Pittsburgh.3. The Pickle Plate. I don\'t know how Lydia knew I loved fermented and pickled things, but she was right. I\'ll eat all the ginger-pickled carrots, beets, daikon, kimchi, and taqueria pickles you\'ve got, and the miso egg is just a bonus.4. The Raclette. While this was pretty good, I think raclette loses a little something when it sits; you want to eat it immediately after it\'s scraped off a wheel onto some other food.We also went off script and got the Sauerkraut Balls too, which are as awesome as you think they are. I\'m a little mad at Lydia for not telling us about them, actually. Not really. Lydia, you\'re perfect, and the service was all-around excellent.I only wish we had room to add on the vinegar pie, as Lydia suggested. I like vinegar. I like pie. Next time.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'What a great place with fantastic food. They only source ingredients from local places and everything is delicious. I had the hearty salad with pickled shrimp-it was perfect. For an appetizer, I had the goat cheese crostini-delicious. The cocktail was seasonal and had mezcal, and was perfectly balanced. Highly recommend this local gem!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been dreaming about Vinegar Pie since I first tried it at Pie for Breakfast four years ago. I was so excited to try it again at the sister restaurant Butterjoint!My family and I had a wonderful time at this restaurant for lunch--we were one of only three tables for lunch service, and so it felt like we had the whole place to ourselves. Our waitress Sandy was an absolute delight! She had great recommendations and was very accommodating as well. The music at the restaurant was quite eclectic, ranging from metal to soothing harp music. Definitely strange!The food was top notch. Don't pass up the raclette, which comes perfectly melted and a little crispy on the bottom too. The fancy burger and pulled goat sandwich were both quite tasty--I thought the fries were a tad bland (maybe I got my hopes up too high since I usually love fries cooked in tallow). We ended the meal with the Vinegar Pie, and if you haven't tried it yet... you're missing out! It has a perfect flaky crust, a delicious caramelized top, and a perfectly gooey filling. Seriously, get in your car right now and drive to Oakland.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'One of the BEST burgers in the city. I know - it doesn\'t seem like "a burger place" but that\'s what makes it even better. Cooked perfectly, juicy, great bun. Just an overall awesome burger. Unfortunately, I wasn\'t able to get a picture of it because I couldn\'t wait to enjoy. We also enjoyed the mussels, raclette & vinegar pie for dessert (yes, vinegar pie. It was heavenly).I couldn\'t recommend Butterjoint enough. Such a great vibe with good service, too.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Lovely restaurant! The pierogis were a hit and everyone in our group loved them. We also liked the drinks we got. The service was super kind and attentive. We LOVED the fries we couldn't stop eating them. We liked the comfy seating throughout. We also liked how big the space was", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I hadn't visited since the restaurant portion was Legume and was excited to see what changes Butterjoint had in store! Burgers and pierogies came recommended, with everyone in our group ordering burgers but me. As a native Pittsburgher, I'm particular about my pierogies, and theirs were deliciously authentic! I got the app as my main. The waitress was extremely thorough and sold us on the chickpea panisse, which was absolutely delectable and creamy. The overall atmosphere is funky, with summery decorative paper lanterns hung about. I recently recommended Butterjoint to a few women who were visiting Oakland from Las Vegas for a robotics convention.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food at Butterjoint was excellent. The appetizer and both entrees we ordered were top notch. I also felt the pricing was very reasonable for the quality and portion size. The service was the least impressive part of our dinner. It wasn't poor service, but our waiter wasn't particularly attentive. I ordered 2 beers throughout our meal and both took around 10 minutes to come out, which seemed a bit long. The ambiance of the restaurant was very nice and exceeded my expectations. It struck a nice balance between upscale and hole-in-the-wall feel. Overall, I look forward to going back and exploring more of their menu.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had an amazing dinner here! Fun atmosphere and very fast service. I got the butterjoint burger, which was fantastic. My friend got the Jamaican pulled goat and said "five stars". Definitely wish I lived in Pittsburgh and could come here often!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Decent food, but our server kept forgetting about our table and didn't bring a soda we ordered until they were reminded three times and we were basically done eating.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is a very good restaurant for many reasons!1. Accommodated large groups2. Great menu- check out the local beer 3. Elements of fine dining Recommendations:Chickpea PanisseKale saladButter joint burger.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This was a hard one for me to rate. I felt that the food was 4 star worthy, but the ambience and the plating and the prices brought it down to a 3. The service was probably 3.5, a little slow but overall good. So in summary, I would give this a 3.5. I would go back but I won't be rushing to go back. We got a lot of the appetizers: pierogies, fries, fried pickles and falafel. For dinner we got two burgers, a salad and the fish and chips. This fish and chips was some of the best fish and chips I've ever had in Pittsburgh, and it's something I get relatively often.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My wife and I had our date night here recently. The smooth jazz and eclectic decor transported me back to Oakland of the late 90's. My wife had the butter burger and fries. I had the pierogies and kielbasa. Fries made with beef tallow were fantastic. They just don't make them like this anymore. The burger was just so-so. The pierogies and kielbasa were very good, with sour cream, caramelized onions, beets, and a very mild sauerkraut. Kielbasa had a great flavor and a nice snap to the skin.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Went here for a work happy hour, great hours 4-6PM although their happy hour menu is limited. Only 3 apps & very small portions, we got a few orders of the fries which came with really good aoli, and the goat cheese crostini which were also very good! Drink menu was limited for happy hour as well, but the pitchers served about 3 glasses. I also ordered the just Pierogies which were good! Super cute environment but very very tight, and for happy hour you had to sit in the bar section. We also felt very policed by the server, he was monitoring how many drinks we had at the table which was odd. But overall pretty good experience.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went late night to the bar before the kitchen closed. The bartenders were nice enough and semi-attentive, though it took a while to fill our waters and it wasn't very busy. The drinks were nothing special. We got falafel, fries, and some type of cheese bread. The falafel was well made, but wish it came with some type of greens other than a few pieces of cucumber. The other two were a bit underwhelming. As for the place itself, the bar was nice enough, wish there were more high tops. It was a bit weird how the restaurant and bar are completely divided and it's a very large space for the small menu they have", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I hadn't been back to butterjoint since the pandemic but recently I've been twice. Both time sitting on the bar side of the restaurant. I love vibe and lighting on the bar side - it's a nice intimate setting. Their menu is small but has a lot of great selections - I highly recommend the pirogies! My friend got the sauerkraut balls and really enjoyed them. The waiters and bartender I've never encountered have been friendly and helpful.Would definitely recommend!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I went to Butterjoint for the first time for happy hour and ended up staying for dinner too. We loved Legume years ago, but had never been to Butterjoint. My friend recommended it because they are one of the few Pittsburgh spots open on Mondays. We sat at the bar and were informed that it was Martini Monday! Amazing! I had a dirty martini that was delicious and only $7. We took our drinks to the other side of the restaurant for dinner. My friend recommended the fried cheese balls (brined fresh mozzarella, focaccia bread crumbs, and sriracha aioli) and they were great. I loved how crunchy they were from the focaccia bread crumbs. We also shared the pierogies with veggies (potato and cheese-filled pierogies, caramelized onion, sauerkraut, pickled beets and greens). These may have been the best pierogies I've had. I love how thick and doughy they were. Everything about this dish was savory and delicious. At this point I ordered a glass of Italian wine that I had never heard of before. Our server was amazing and brought us samples to taste it. My friend went with a glass of Cab and we both enjoyed our wines! I knew Butterjoint was known for their fancy burgers, but since I don't eat red meat I was glad to see the veggie burger on the menu. It had a quinoa/freekeh/black bean patty, cheddar,  dill pickles , lettuce, aioli. It was ok, but I didn't love it. My friend raved about her fancy burger, but I would order something else instead of the veggie burger next time. I asked if they had a side salad or vegetable instead of french fries and our server recommended kim chi. I passed on that and went with the french fries. They were super crunchy, but tasted like they may have been sitting as they got a little hard. I only ate a few. The service, apps, dessert, and drinks were 5 stars for sure! I am excited to go back and try the salmon or ahi tuna. We finished the meal with vinegar pie and chocolate truffle cake. OMG vinegar pie is my new favorite thing. Our server described it as the gooey part of apple pie, but with no apples in it. The vinegar pie was amazing and I would go back just for a slice! The chocolate truffle cake was super rich and we both enjoyed that too. The restaurant was very accomodating to my friend's food allergies too. We will be back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came with my bestie & had a great time. This restaurant, over in Oakland, is unique & kind of eclectic with different colors & wallpapers. The ambiance was laid back with a mostly older crowd when we dined around 7 pm.My Pink\'s Not Dead cocktail was as delicious as it is beautiful. Strawberry Infused Boyd and Blair/ Cynar/ Lemon / Aperol Meringue - I really loved it! Had the mussels to start, they weren\'t my favorite...kind of gritty...but weren\'t terrible. The broth & focaccia with them were good.The "Fancy Burger" had a delicious sauce & lots of tasty little pickles. Loved the aioli served with the fries!All of the team members here were super nice & made us feel welcomed. Wish I\'d given another cocktail (or 2) a try because they all sounded great. Will have to come back another time!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Have some mixed feelings on this place. Their cocktails seem to be seasonal and were pretty good. I liked the pickle plate, which included a bunch of pickled veggies, but others in my party were not fans (to be fair, I love pickles so not unusual for me). I split the Fancy Burger and the Hearty Salad with falafel with a friend, and we both agreed the salad was the winner. The falafel were a tad salty, but the rest of it made up for it. It's a great value with the size of the salad, perfect for splitting. The burger just did not do it for me. It was overcooked and not overly tasty. Finally, the vinegar pie was good but pretty sweet and had only a hint of vinegar. I may be on my own here but I wished I could taste the vinegar more over the sugar. Won't be rushing back here but it is a good spot near Pitt and CMU for group dinners.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'm not really sure what to think of this place.   I made a Friday night reservation and was promptly greeted by the hostess.  She was super friendly and accommodating.  She originally tried to seat me on the old Legume side, but it was mostly empty and not really the vibe I'd pictured.  She instead found us a table on the bar side, which was much better from an aesthetic standpoint.  It was moderately comfortable, with the bench feeling significantly higher than the chair opposite it.  That was a little weird.   The service was overall pretty awkward.  That's the only word I can think of to describe it.  He was nice and knowledgeable, but just...well awkward.    My companion enjoyed her burger and I thought the perogies were delicious.  My sandwich however, was sort of a disaster.   I ordered the fancy chicken sandwich.  The fries with aioli on the side were good, but this sandwich was a mess in every way.  The flavor concept may have been good, but it was mostly lost in a gallon of gochujang sauce.   The entire thing was so saturated that I couldn't even pick it up, let alone eat it as a sandwich.  That left me to cut it up, which was problematic because the plate it was served on was far too small for that method.   What I thought I was ordering was a crispy and spicy chicken sandwich.  What I got was a really disappointing, sloppy, soggy mess that was a lot of work to eat and totally overwhelmed by one flavor.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We have been wanting to try this place for a while and ended up getting a last minute reservation on new years. The service was fantastic thanks to our waitress! She was very animated and attentive! The food however was not as great as I had hoped. We started out with a goat cheese crostini appetizer which came with two small crackers with cheese spread on it. This may have set the tone for the meal, but we immediately regretted ordering this particular appetizer. The burger was ok overall, but nothing special (not up to par for being $20+). The chicken sandwich was decent at best. I enjoyed the toppings on the chicken sandwich because they were unique but it was overall average.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love this place!!  The ambiance, especially in the bar area, is cozy, eclectic, and warm.   The food is fantastic, home made buns on burgers and sandwiches (the veggie burger is addictive, especially with the garlic aioli).  I brought a small group in for my birthday and we all had a great time.  Everyone's food was delicious, so we kept ordering more food, hard to go wrong with anything on the menu!  Bartenders and servers are great, they have a fun cocktail menu and a great selection of liquor and wine.  Would definitely recommend!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've wanted to try Butterjoint for a while now after hearing great things and glad I did! The Old Etonian cocktail was very good but it is sour so keep that in mind. My husband had the cream soda old fashioned and really liked it but said the cream soda wasn't very prevalent. Our meal was really good! The goat cheese crostini was so good but comes with two pieces so order accordingly. I loved my steak frites and my husband said the burger he had was pretty good but not mind blowing.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We went here early last month and it was pretty good. They have some fun and interesting cocktails. We started with the steak tartare, french fries, and miso pickled egg. The steak tartare was good - the egg yolk on top was a nice touch. The miso pickled egg was slightly sweet from the miso and really good. The french fries were long and crispy. We then split the bangs island mussels and ordered some sides of kimchi, beets, and cucumber salad. The mussels were in a curry broth that was very tasty. Some of mussels themselves had a zoo-like flavor, which was less than desirable. The vegetable sides were awesome. I liked being able to customize them. We'll probably be back sometime, and I'll probably get a cheeseburger.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We had a lovely dinner! We had the pierogies, Fancy Burger, and Pork Belly Chashu. The service was exceptional and the vibes were immaculate. I had the Old Etonian cocktail and it was not my favorite but everything else was amazing! This is a great place to go with friends or for date night!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "It's ok. The service was slow even though it wasn't terribly busy. We didn't need the reservation we made for three people. The food was good and creative but we won't hurry back. It was a tad expensive for burgers.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We've gone to Butterjoint several times in the past.  This last visit was by far the best. Previously when we'd visit, I'd always get the burger because it's so tender, flavorful and delicious. My husband really enjoyed the FISH AND CHIPS. It was really flaky, crunchy and flavorful. Our brunch visit yesterday was by far the best ever. My mom, godson and I ate cherry French Toast and loved it. We all agreed that it was by far the best breakfast we've ever had. My mom was afraid it would be too sweet but it wasn't at all. The cherry really made it. The French Toast was crisp despite all the cherry filling on top. We got two orders of home fries to share which worked for four of us. We loved the crispy, tasty home fries because they reminded us of those my grandma made. Such great memories in a delicious little plate! My husband really enjoyed the pancakes. He is a plain Jane and never eats pancakes with anything but butter. He absolutely loved the maple syrup and used it. That never happens. I seriously can't get over that French Toast and have told everyone about it. I am still dreaming of it and can't wait to have it again. I also want to try the biscuits and gravy. The other thing that is great about this place is the service. I was shocked by reviews mentioning anything but wonderful, kind and timely service. That has never been my experience. Everyone has always been wonderful and attentive. Yesterday, was no exception. It was a soft opening for brunch, but they were a well oiled machine. Everyone was super kind and friendly. They care about their patrons and are genuinely happy when you're happy. You have to go try this place, especially for brunch.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Butterjoint is back to being a restaurant, after shutting Legume down a couple of years ago. It has a sort of partial menu, with a few appetizers and salads, some sandwiches ( almost all burgers), and pirogies as entrees. Dinner tonight was a disappointment. We were initially seated in a small room with us and a large table of loud young women. We were moved at our request. We ordered a bottle of wine, the only Chardonnay on the list. We were told we couldn't have a bottle, just glasses of the same wine. Two glasses each equals a bottle, but we had to just get it by the glass. Strange. We ordered the raclette and mussel appetizers to share. Both were good. We wanted to order some perogies, but never saw the server again. We didn't even get a second glass of wine. Will we return?", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I like it. I like it a lot!!If you're there for dinner, go to the left. Just the bar? Go to the right. It's a pretty large restaurant on a casual corner in Oakland. Easy to get to but be mindful of street parking.I loved the ambience. Like every other cutesy spot in Pittsburgh, it's casual but cool. Fun decor with an upscale diner feeling. We were seated right away with a reservation. Service was awesome. Everyone was helpful, friendly enough - they didn't come off as fake or phoney- they seemed genuinely nice. I love that kind of service.My drink, Purple Nurple, what a hilarious name, was delicious and strong. Just how I like it!! I only needed 1 on an empty stomach. The fried pickles were great but the fried coating didn't stick so it was a little messy. Our food was tasty. The menu isn't huge so check it before you go. We loved the vinegar pie because what even is a vinegar pie?!?! Well, it was super yum. This is such a cute little local spot that seems to be super reliable for a fun Friday night out ;) Enjoy!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Cool spot. Our food was great, especially the burger. Felt the prices were a bit high for what we got, but we'd absolutely go back so that says something. If you need somewhere to eat around Oakland, I'd say this would be a top pick.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love me a great quirky little restaurant/ bar.    I found one is Oakland l( suburb of Pittsburgh ).  @butterjointpgh  Butterjoint.   The atmosphere l, the servers and the food were all the right amount of laidback and funky.    I had their BUTTERJOINT BURGER 8oz beef, cheddar, Butterjoint sauce, lettuce, tomato, sour dill pickles along with some tallow fries. ( cooked in beef fat ). Nice solid burger.  I am into smashburgers right now so this one was a little thick for me gambit had great flavor.    I started with the goat cheese crostini.  Nice flat almost cracker bread with a spread of goat cheese and hot pepper jam.    Great way to start.  ( note* serving size on crostini runs small so it's ok to order other apps also.  ).  Positive experience would return.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fries had putrid scent and were served cold, tasted stale. Sidevsalad should be an option.Leek asparagus soup served cold, would have preferred to know it was gaspacho style in the description and not worth 12 bucks.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'m not really sure what to think of this place.  While the food was ok, the ambiance and price was disappointing.  To start, the only source of lighting was a few lanterns, and the thermometer was set at 72.  Rather than being cute and homey, the place ended up feeling more dark and stuffy.  As for the food, it was satisfactory, but certainly not for the price.  My "hearty" salad was far from hearty, and for $20+, was essentially a mound of lettuce.  The pierogis were good, but the portions were stingy as well.  Overall, I don\'t think I\'d return', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had a very yummy dinner at Butterjoint the other night with a group of friends, and the food and drinks were great! The ambiance is interesting, there are two halves of the restaurant space, one that\'s more open with booths and tables and is oddly quiet, but the other side is the bar side and it seemed much more animated. We were seated on the open side and it was still very nice! I had a dirty martini and it was very tasty and strong. Two friends tried the bartender\'s choice for Tiki Tuesday and they each got a unique drink with tropical flavors. I elected to try the pierogies with kielbasa, and I asked for a substitution for the beets, which was obliged with cucumber salad (perfect change for me). I also tried the side of french fries. All the food was delicious, the pierogies in particular were amazing - some of the best I\'ve had. The kielbasa was so smoky and snappy and a perfect compliment. The fries were salty and perfect, and though I didn\'t finish them, they reheated well the next day from home! I took some vinegar pie home with me because I was too full to enjoy it there, and I miss Pie for Breakfast SO MUCH. The pie was wonderful, just as I remembered. All in all, I\'d come back in a heartbeat for pierogies or fries (or their famous "fancy burger") and try to sit in the bar!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came in on a late evening. Waitress was very friendly and had good suggestions for drinks that were tasty. Food was delicious. The perogies and the I think it was flourless chocolate cake were very good (waitress also suggested the cake, great rec).', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The enviroment is ok,the food is just so so,but the tip is too high,at least 20%,we will never go there again', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "It was my first official night in Pittsburgh, moving here the day before. My son is an aspiring chef, working their kitchen as a cook. I cozyed up to the bar and ordered their Fancy Burger. 8 oz beef, Gruyere, bacon, glass onion jam, lettuce, sour dill pickles, and shoestring fries. It was quite delicious, perfectly cooked. Fries were outstanding. I hardly used the ketchup and mayonnaise included on my plate. I learned later that EVERYTHING is made in-house, even the mayonnaise. On my next visit, I'll choose the dining area for the full experience.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Used to love Legume, getting used to Butterjoint. The service is great, just like it used to be. I do miss some of the more upscale dishes on their menu. Last night we started with the raclette (always yummy) and the wings (a little disappointing to order stuffed chicken wings, get a plate of four wings and only two of them are stuffed - tasty regardless) and the miso egg, which honestly did not taste of miso at all. Husband had the fancy chicken sandwich, which he loved. I had the fish and chips, the fish was cooked beautifully, the batter was kind of under seasoned but it was good with the vinegar. Enough yummy fries to share. I get the concept of showing abundance in plating but a huge piece of fish covering the entire plate of fries and cole slaw served with a teeny paper cup of tartar sauce is kind of awkward to eat. Desserts as always were delicious. A solid five on service and a three and a half for the food makes Butterjoint a four star experience overall for me.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good food and good service. The fries were excellent. The cheeseburger was ok - the patty was a little thin. The fish and chips and the fancy chicken burger were excellent. Nice space - we'd probably go again if we were in the area", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good salad and food. Attentive service. Needs a little more atmosphere. I'm so over the old booths that sink down.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Rehearsal dinner the night before the wedding. We had a large group of 14 or so and the restaurant did not adequately provide service. They gave us 1 waited and should have had two. He was in the weeds. However, I'll still give 4 stars cus many places are short handed and I think that's the case here. Everyone liked to food but the waiter got the wine order wrong and was overwhelmed and maybe a bit inexperienced. I'd should expect more for $900.00.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The well-crafted and unique menu and cocktail list at Butterjoint doesn\'t disappoint, as each item served is perfectly executed. The cocktails including the Purple Nurple mezcal drink and a "Mercy of the Bartender" (bartender\'s choice), which turned out to be a great gin drink, were both excellent. The raclette was amazing and I would consider a must-order. Finding stinging nettle soup on the menu was a real treat and didn\'t disappoint. The pierogies are always top notch. A dining companion proclaimed the Butterjoint burger to the best burger in town. I\'d describe the decor is semi-rustic urban that proves to be both comfortable and provide a fun vibe. Our server was knowledgeable, attentive and on-point.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I grabbed  a seat at the bar and even though happy hour ended a few minutes prior to my arrival  the bartender honored the specials. My Old Fashion was perfect and my pork belly dinner was delicious.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "First: parking for this restaurant is right a crossed the street in a parking garage. Although you have to pay it's convenient and closeSecond: friendly staff and always checked on you if you needed anything Lastly, the food was really good. We went down here for the burger and it was delicious. We also got the fried pickles and the truffle cake. All very good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Absolutely, positively go to ButterJoint! We had never been and were coming to Pittsburgh with a big group for a family event. We booked a table for 16. We had the most incredible time! Tim, Sandy and the entire staff went above and beyond to ensure we had an exceptional experience. The food, the wine, the service were all top-notch. This is a staff that loves their work and they treated us like family from the moment we arrived. It was clear that this would be a meal to remember. There is no question that we will be returning every time we go to Pittsburgh. Make a reservation and GO! And, in case you're looking in the menu and are on the fence, get the sauerkraut balls - unbelievable!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great ambience and food - definitely try the pulled goat if you've never had it. Thank you Jennifer for the amazing service!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great lunch menu, friendly service, nice atmosphere. And there are tables available outside.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ok so the best way for me to describe my impression of Butterjoint (Butterjoint bar side!) is that it's a place I would come to alone on a rainy day when I needed a pick me up. It is SO cozy, the food is the UTMOST fine comfort food, reliable service, and the crowd is enough to make one feel anonymous but minimal enough to feel like you're surrounded by a group of recognizable regulars. I did in fact note a few folks sitting at the bar solo enjoying a delicious meal and drink. I relished the food and even though it was rich and delicious it was light and easy to finish (I would totally order a second spicy chicken sandwich right now). Comfort food but make it upscale, stylish, at an affordable price, and add in a chic bar- what more could I ask for on this Wednesday night in Pittsburgh?Butterjoint also owns two neighboring businesses that are attached on either side: a more traditional restaurant to the left (you may know it by it's previous name, Legume), and a breakfast/coffee cafe (previously known as Pies for Breakfast) ont he right. Based on my positive experience today I know I'll be back when I'm in need of a comforting atmosphere and a satisfying bite, and would love to try the stops next door as well, though I have heard you lose that cozy bar feel in the Legume side of the restaurant.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I finally made it to butter joint after hearing many compliments that they had the best burger in town ! I must say it was delicious! On Mondays they have $7 martinis!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great ambiance and strong drinks!! This was a classy but relaxed place for apps and drinks.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came here with 4 friends for a birthday.  They have expanded the restaurant so it covers the old Legume space as well. We sat in a booth in the back and decided to split a few appetizers and burgers so we could all try a bit of everything.  We also had vegetarians and gluten free in our group and they were able to generally accommodate (although they do not have gluten free bun options, that would be a welcome addition)!We got a delicious ricotta toast that seems to be rotating on the menu.  Pierogies which were great and big, we did not add any toppings, just standard.  A salad that was big and had a delicious dressing, great to cut through all the other heavy options we chose.  2 orders of fries, shoestring and SO good. We got 2 burgers, the veggie burger and the fancy burger.  I'm not a vegetarian, but honestly loved the veggie burger even more than the fancy meat burger! The fancy was still good, but to make a great veggie takes extra skill in my opinion, so I really appreciated the care they put into it.  We also got the ice cream, vinegar pie and chocolate cake.  The desserts were good, but on the rich side for me.  Sometimes I feel like places go a little overboard on the sweetness and miss the balance of a good dessert.  Just my style though, so would still say they are good.Our service was strange, drinks took a while, but it wasn't bad enough to dock a star.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My boyfriend and I walked past this place a million times because it's right under his apartment. We were under the impression it was French food, but I really wouldn't classify it as that. I am vegetarian so I got the pumpkin soup which was amazing. It was warm and filling and a great fall dish. My boyfriend got the fish and chips l, which was huge but he said it was very good. Our friend got the fancy burger which looked and tasted amazing. Lastly we got the apple pie with ice cream. The ice cream was so good and had a rich vanilla flavor. The servers were very nice and they were quick but not rushing us. There's two sides to the restaurant the sit down part and the bar area. I would like to go back again and eat in the bar. They also had lots of cocktails, beer and wine.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good service, drinks, and food. The dessert's & coffee were excellent also; loved the Vinegar Pie. Nice and relaxed atmosphere.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I stand by my last review, I just am updating with a few photos I found in my roll.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh! This place is quirky and has amazing food and cocktails. My personal favorite are the fries dipped in aioli - yum! When you step in, you may feel like you're at an old school family type place, but it's trendy all at the same time. I love the vibe, which attracts all sorts of people. Cocktails are always incredible and rotate constantly. I am picky but this place truly deserves a 5/5!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Disappointed! I wanted to check out butterjoint for months now. Finally, we got here on a Sat night. I'll get straight to the point: the food is not appetizing. We ordered fried pickles for starter and mocktails made of apple cider. The mocktails tasted great and were refreshing! The fried pickles on the other hand were too oily/buttery that we couldn't savor the taste. I ordered the fancy veggie burger and my friend got the pumpkin soup and salad. I just couldn't eat the burger as the patty tasted bland and Chile relleno didn't help. I just didn't feel like eating anymore fried stuff and sent it back. My friend really enjoyed her soup and said it tasted great. For desserts, we shared the chocolate truffle cake with whipped cream and it tasted delicious!! Most likely, I would not return here after experiencing mediocre food and slow service.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Loved this place!! Our server was very nice, and the food was amazing. We had the raclette, batter fried pickles, pierogies as starters, the steak frites and butter joint burger for dinner and chocolate truffle cake with Millie's ice cream! Can't wait to go back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fancy Burger, Pint of Old German Ale. Vinegar Pie. Repeat no more than once every seven days, if you can wait that long. This IS the best burger in Pittsburgh. Accept no substitutes.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Genuinely the best burger i have had in Pittsburgh. Would 100% recommend and will definitely be going back soon!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Butterjoint was our first dine-in experience since Covid. The old space for Legume is where they are sitting reservations. I loved the atmosphere. On this night, they were playing an 80s mix of punk and post punk, which was the exactly right vibe for their outstanding food.The cocktails were fantastic. They were also serving local brews. We started with the raclette and the fried sauerkraut balls. The raclette was oozy, cheesy goodness served with hot, crusty bread and cornichions. So good! The sauerkraut balls were perfection--crispy, hot and tender on the inside, slightly sour, with a modestly sweet vinegar dipping sauce.The fancy burger was slightly over cooked (I ordered it medium rare), but it was delicious, moist, and well-balanced with a slight aged funk (I'm not sure if they grind their own, but I wouldn't be surprised). The fries were extraordinary, served with a garlic aioli.The service was a little slow, but that's forgivable since the place is getting used to dine-in service again. We are definitely coming back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Highlight of the meal was the steak tartare, delivered well seasoned with the classic egg yolk, and nice crostini. The second appetizer was the crab cakes: nothing too amazing, definitely needs the remoulade for flavor.I had the steak frites, which was a disappointment. I ordered it medium rare, it came out medium verging on medium well. I've never had a ribeye that had a gamey flavor to it. It was served with the most bone basic compound butter.My wife had the sausage and pierogis.  Nothing you couldn't achieve at home with Mrs T's and store bought kielbasa.The ongoing problem though was that it was a cold snowy day and we had to eat dinner with our coats on because of the stream of cold air hitting us from a vent above the table.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food is horrible. Ambiance is worse. Beer is watered down. Coffee old and cold. And all this for a premium price.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I am a business owner and really don't want to hurt a business during these hard times but I must tell my story. I have half my insides missing. My body does NOT work unless I drink fluids (water with pure cherry juice for a anti inflammation) this  restaurant does not SELL bottled water. (Pittsburgh is known for lead in our water)I had my water sitting on the bar. I was eating. Rudely I was approached to get rid of my water. While I was trying to explain the above they grabbed my water to throw it out. Not interested in hearing as to my reason. They then very, very aggressively escorted me out. I am a 57 year old women who owns a large public company. My success is from our customer service. Never, ever have I been treated so rudely and with such disrespect. It's a bottle of water that you DON'T sell.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'m always a little apprehensive when I walk into a near empty restaurant, asked if I have a reservation, and the greeter starts punching a bunch of buttons to see if there are any available tables. Fortunately they there able to "squeeze" us in. With the St. Patricks Day Asian lantern going and a modern take on flora and fauna wallpaper I really wasn\'t sure what vibe I was supposed to be getting. Our server couldn\'t have been more pleasant and there were several interesting things on the menu. Portions are large enough it is very easy to share. We started with sauerkraut balls w/ honey mustard. Perfectly cooked with a tart and creamy center. The raclette was hot and delicious with toasted focaccia slices and cornichons. On the way in I saw that the hearty salad was large enough for four people. With marinated lima beans, blue cheese, hard boiled egg, and pickled beets I didn\'t need any added toppings. The fish and chip entree was a sizable portion nicely cooked.  Nothing special about the chips but the slaw was quite tasty. Only thing I wasn\'t a fan of was my Manhattan. The bartender definitely wasn\'t pouring rye whiskey. Overall, a very pleasant meal and will plan to go back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great spot for a slightly fancier happy hour in north Oakland! They have great drink specials and their pierogies are delicious! It is fairly small inside so be sure to get there a little before 4:30 if you want to grab a table (there was already a line formed outside before they opened the doors at 4:30). Only negative is they are not so accommodating for larger groups so it might be best for groups of 2-3. Our waiter was pretty rude when we asked him if we could combine two tables and he said they didn't have any extra chairs but later brought out a chair for the group next to us.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I enjoyed everything here. It's solid, good food. I guess I was just a little bit disappointed because I was expecting to be blown away. Unfortunately the night started off with us waiting about 25 minutes for the server to come to our table and get our drink order, and another 20 minutes or so for the drinks to arrive and for her to take our order. As I sit here and write this, nothing remarkable comes to mind but the food was very good. If a friend suggested that we go here again, I would happily accept the invitation.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have heard raved reviews about the Butterjoint. So it was just ok to me... it definitely gave me hipster vibes which is totally fine. I guess from the outside it seems fancier. I called the fish sandwich which I kept called a whale of a cod... a little Pittsburgh humor. I just couldn't bring myself to getting the $20 dollar perogies... my inner yinzer wouldn't let me do it. Overall, I had great company with a friend.  I'm happy I tried the restaurant out. But it was just ok...", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Used to love love the old Butterjoint. The new butterjoint is half butterjoint bar and half Legume, basically. The food was pretty good, albeit somewhat steep prices but we enjoyed most of it. The menu retained some of the Butterjoint classics like the burger, but seems like it was also trying to do some European fine dining stuff. I did love seeing Balkan Ajvar on the menu! But I just feel like the restaurant concept got a bit lost when trying to integrate the two. The menu feels like two things pushed together rather than one cohesive concept. Similarly, we were seated on the Legume side, and it just felt like Legume basically, while the butterjoint side still felt more like a bar. I wish I had known; I definitely prefer the vibe of the Butterjoint bar side and I thought that's what I was getting when I made a reservation at Butterjoint. So just FYI for those who haven't been back in a while, expect a more Legume-like experience on that side of the restaurant.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'ve been coming to Butterjoint for several years now, from before they merged with Legume, with the latest time being yesterday.- Ambiance: The Butterjoint side is one of my favorite bar spaces in Pittsburgh. The tables at the back are also a great atmosphere for a dinner or even a drink. The Legume side is hit or miss, depending on where exactly you end up sitting.- Drinks: The house cocktails are generally well-designed and executed, but at times I\'ve felt like the options are a bit limited. Solid beer list year-round.- Food: The "things to share" is my favorite part of the menu. I\'ve sampled many of the options, and pretty much all have been great. In terms of entrees, I generally go for the fancy burger. Unfortunately, they changed the recipe earlier this year---the major change being that it is no longer a smashburger. It is still a satisfying burger, but it is no longer one of my top burger suggestions in Pittsburgh. The chicken sandwiches are also solid.- Dessert: All of the pie options are excellent.Overall, I am a fan of Butterjoint. I work at CMU, so it is one of my go-to options whenever I\'m going for a weeknight dinner or drink with colleagues and friends. A couple of years back, I would have given it a five-star rating. However, I think that the food options have been getting somewhat worse lately---though still pretty good, as I described above.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'thin, overcooked burgers:  the worst thing one can do to beef!BLAND french friesyellow cake tastes like eating drywall fish sandwich: mostly breading, not much fish- and boringfun place, but bad food', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food was very good as was the service. The restaurant decor was strange, maybe just eat at the bar.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Super cute ambiance! And it's possible to order great beer for $4. Just be careful reading the prices and you can get some ok priced items. I was a little worried this was gonna be a fantsy pantsy place based on reviews, but it's just a cool hipster vibe. No need to whip out your black tie wear. Service is really friendly and nice, no pressure to do anything more than have a good time. Really cute place. Came here to read a little and have a beer or two, and that's exactly what I did. I will be back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Staff is always polite and prompt, even when it's busy. Food is delicious with the menu updating and adding new items regularly! Cocktails are consistently delicious and at a great price point. Their Sunday brunch is delicious as well!! All around a great neighborhood spot.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Some friends recommended this place, and I totally see why -- it's classic, modern, and inviting all at once. We had lunch here, and everyone enjoyed their dishes. A few of us had time afterwards and grabbed drinks in the bar -- the fun just kept on rolling! Special thanks to Tim -- a super thoughtful and jovial fellow who helped find space for my luggage and make sure everyone was comfortable. Will definitely be back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "An excellent Valentine's Day dinner!! We both ordered cocktails at the mercy of the bartender and ended up with delicious drinks to start the evening. We each ordered a fancy burger and split fries and some marinated vegetables--our fave was the broccoli! I wasn't expecting the vegetables to be cold so that's the only draw back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A friend recommended this place to me years ago, and I finally tried it for the first time after all this time being in Oakland. And what a pleasant surprise! I 100% trust the person that recommended it, but to be honest, I didn't think a place like this existed in Oakland...Via the Yelp app, I added our party of 2 to the waitlist. Also, to my surprise, there were about four parties ahead of us with a wait time of about 35 minutes. So this place must be good, right? We arrived earlier than scheduled, checked in, and they allowed us to start a tab at the bar while we waited. The space is pretty tight. There are about 4-6 tables along the wall as soon as you walk in, a bar, and then about 6 tables at the back of the slender space. We had to continue to move out the way of the servers and other patrons as we stood waiting with our drinks. I ordered the New York Sour which features bourbon and it was excellent. I drank it a little too quickly it was good lol. My friend ordered the Doctor Bird featuring rum which I later tried. Both $12 drinks. One thing was for sure, the fries had to be good. The number of fry cones that passed us was crazy. And the chocolate truffle cake, a few of those had passed us as well. Finally, we were seated. Our server was awesome, totally chill and positive despite the busyness. I ordered the Tallow Fries with aioli sauce. Fun fact: aioli sauce is a combination of olive oil and garlic sauce. I never knew that until yesterday. We also ordered the Pork Pate which I thought was interesting. Not something I would normally try so I was happy to dive into something different. As previously mentioned, I tried the Doctor Bird which was delicious but I still liked my New York Sour much better. My friend and I both ordered burgers. I would have liked my burger a little more done for 'well done' nonetheless the flavor was still great. Fresh lettuce and buttercup cheese to accompany it. And more fries with aioli! I might have become slightly obsessed yesterday. To end the night, I ordered the Chocolate Truffle Cake because I had seen it too many times not to and my friend ordered the Root Beer Float. The cake is super rich and moist. You can't eat it too quickly and the whipped cream is super helpful with this. You also might want to share it; I didn't but you know there's always next time. Overall, this place is super chill with a degree of upscale-ness. I can't wait to bring more friends here especially for happy hour. This was a last-minute adventure (sometimes the best kind), but next time I will be sure to plan ahead and get us on that waitlist sooner! 10/10 recommend.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Staff was great and where very polite but unfortunately this place is a total cash grab. Traveling out of state and this being the first restaurant I tried in Pittsburgh it really left a bad taste in my mouth. Unfortunately the interior was ancient even hearing older customers complain about how it hasn't changed since they where a kid. All the walls in the dining room are a smoker/piss yellow and there isn't a single decoration in the entire room it's super bland and empty. The food was ok but absolutely not worth the price it's basically a scam. Drink tasted like sprite with some pine-sol in it and everything i ordered came with the world's smallest cup of sauce.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had a lovely evening here with friends recently. The drinks were good and we tried about 4 of the appetizers which we all enjoyed. I had the fish and chips as my entree and while it was huge, it was almost all batter. Definitely too much of that and too heavy. But I think the entrees were enjoyed otherwise. Would have been nice to have a bit more variety. Also, we couldn\'t divide our table into separate checks. We were 3 couples and I didn\'t think it would be difficult but the server said it was "policy". They add a 20% gratuity, which is fine but I think our server would have gotten more had we done three checks.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Nothing too impressive besides the beef tartare! The dish was well prepared and seasoned for a nice appetizer. I would highly recommend the tartare with a nice cocktail. The place is definitely more fancy of a burger joint. The food was good. We ordered the fancy burger and cheeseburger. Tip if you like sunny-side up egg they did add those for us. They cook the burger to your liking as well. I am not impressed for the price I had to pay for a burger. I dont know if I could say it was very normal.Recommend this place for the drinks, ambience and appetizer!! The drinks are great!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had the fancy veggie burger, was the Maddy amazing crunchy delicious veggie burger I have ever had!!  I want to go back today for another one!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Butterjoint is the cool, hip, and more casual side of Legume. The menu is a little simpler (pro tip- you can order off the legume menu if you want). I came on a weeknight and had to wait for about 15 mins to be seated. It\'s not a huge space so it gets full fast, but they served us drinks as we waited so that was nice. I had the fancy burger and it was delicious. It came branded "fancy," which I just thought was so cool. The cocktails are also delicious and many are made with local spirits. I had a coconut fruity concoction made with Maggie\'s Rum Farm rum and it was great. Two small critiques, the drinks are pretty pricey, especially for Oakland. I think my cocktail was $12 or $14. Also, they were a little scattered on the wait list and didn\'t take our name initially. In a small popular space, it\'s important to be on top of this. People get cranky as they wait and especially if they get "cut" in the line. Overall I had a nice time and I\'d recommend Butterjoint for a low key dinner or drinks spot.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Place is tired and needs a facelift and a good clean. Vents in the women's bathroom are disgusting. Don't look up. Service was great. Food was fine. No need to go back unless they put some effort into the ambience and do a bit of a scrub.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Made reservations for a date. We were seated right away and had drinks ordered within a few minutes. The food was awesome. No complaints. The server was the icing on the cake. She was there right when we wanted her but didn't interrupt our time together. Drinks, food and dessert were all aces. Would definitely come here again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came here for our anniversary.  Food is excellent!  We just shared a few small plates.  The mussels were tasty and also the ajvar.  The "lumps" are a milk bread, soft and fluffy, and the vinegar pie was surprisingly awesome.  Our waitress was awesome, unfortunately I forgot her name.  Highly recommend this place.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Butterjoint is really the story of 2 different restaurants.  The Bar side was, and still is fantastic.  Outstanding bartenders, great atmosphere, and the expanded menu is great, although they could have just stuck with their pre-COVID menu of pierogies and burgers and it would have been fine too!   We ate this time on the dining side, formerly Legume.  As cosy and friendly as the bar side is, the dining side is just the opposite. Terrible atmosphere.  It's a  schizophrenic mix of odd decor, bad lighting, too-big tables, and inconsistent service.  It's like they didn't know what to do with this space, and neither extended the bar successfully, nor created something new and appealing.  The food was solid, although the presentation seems to have suffered a bit.  Net-net, if you're going to go, stick to the bar side.  The dining side is just an unpleasant experience.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My wife and I went to Buttterjoint for our Friday night date night. It was actually my first time ever there, though she had been a few times before, when it was just the smaller part of the restaurant, and split with Legume in the larger dining area. The restaurant was very crowded, so we did get seated at our table about 25 minutes behind schedule. Not a big deal for us, since we didn\'t have anywhere to be, but could see this being an issue for those with stricter timelines. The drinks and app menu is pretty solid. There\'s a variety of cocktails, some at the silly $14ish dollar price range, but there are a few $8 standard mixed drinks available, which seem like the way more reasonable option. The beer menu is pretty solid. Snacks and appetizers are appealing offerings. We got the smoked bluefish pate with crostini and fries (more on that later). The bluefish was very good, but you\'re only given 4 crostinis which is not nearly enough to finish the pate. The fries are average, if nothing else, a bit bland. They are served with a garlic aioli. For our mains we got sandwiches. The fancy burger and the fish sandwich. The burger was pretty good, albeit a silly extra +4 for the bacon that distinguishes it as "fancy." My wife did comment that she thought the old Buttterjoint burger was much better than the new offering (I guess the new one is more of a smash style, but I never had the old one). The fish sandwich is pretty average. I didn\'t taste any hot sauce it said it was served with. You can do a lot better at virtually any Lenten fish fry. Beware, the sandwiches do not come with fried, hence our need to order them as an app, which seemed silly as it brings the price for fried and a sandwich to over $40 for a couple (not including a drink and real app, plus dessert, if room). We did get the vinegar pie, which while small, was excellent and came served with a scoop of ice cream. Overall a decent spot, albeit a bit pricy for what amounts to tavern/pub food. I wouldn\'t feel compelled to compete with a lot of reservations to get in and would probably only take guests looking for very casual eats. I do miss Legume.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came here on a Wednesday night and it was pretty busy. I recommend using the NoWait app to get your party in line. The restaurant is definitely cozy. We were seated in a small booth in the back. We both got the burgers. I had the fancy burger and my friend had the hamburger. The fancy burger was delicious! It had fried onions, gruyere, and a basil pesto aioli. The fries and aioli were perfect as well.The only thing was I think they attempted to stamp fancy on my bun and it did not come out that well. Overall, a great place to grab a burger in the North Oakland area! Menu is small but good!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My boyfriend and I have enjoyed multiple cozy, post-work dinners at Butterjoint. It always happens to be a freezing cold night when neither of us has any idea about what to cook. We never regret coming here! The service is always great and we leave full and totally relaxed. I typically order their famous burger, juicy and perfectly medium every time. He's gotten the burger as well as the pierogis, beef tartare, and multiple dips. I go with a beer from their fabulous draft list or or some traditional cocktail like a Manhattan or an Old Fashioned. Butterjoint is exactly what it needs to be...welcoming, delicious bar food, and a down to earth atmosphere. I can see why it's stood the test of time and stayed so popular here in Pittsburgh, and I know we'll keep coming back for many more delicious meals here.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'ve been here several times since the inception of Butterjoint/Legume. Since I live in Bloomfield it\'s a nice place to stop for a drink on the way home from an Oakland event. It\'s also a nice place just to go for a "treat" night or special occasion.Cocktails are well made and service is really good.The ambiance makes for a relaxing environment while spending time with friends.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "5 for the great service, super friendly and easy to talk to bartenders, and cocktail bar ambience. I really felt comfortable coming in and sitting at the bar by myself. They had great drinks at a standard craft cocktail price, maybe a little cheaper. Really enjoyed my experience here, which is why this place gets 4 stars. 2.5 let me be clear, the food was good. It's just not worth $17 for what you get for the fancy burger. It was cooked well, seasoned well, and tasted like good quality meat. The portions were perfect. The biggest problem is that even though the meat was quality, was it really worth that much? Particularly because the toppings on it were lacking. The topping was mostly aioli and minimal cheese, a few tiny bits of onion straws, and I of there was anything else couldn't tell. if there was anything else on the burger.  It was pretty plain (maybe a bit salty) to me. The fries and the garlic aioli saved the dish thoughDebatable if I'd give the food another shot, but will definitely, 100%, be back for drinks.", 'review_rating': None}]