Information about DiAnoia's Eatery{"businesses": [{"id": "BcLFIr4wtd3GQ3fnz15yDQ", "alias": "dianoias-eatery-pittsburgh-2", "name": "DiAnoia's Eatery", "image_url": "https://s3-media1.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/NDFEDHHD9oPZYup7w8xhiw/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/dianoias-eatery-pittsburgh-2?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 998, "categories": [{"alias": "delis", "title": "Delis"}, {"alias": "italian", "title": "Italian"}, {"alias": "breakfast_brunch", "title": "Breakfast & Brunch"}], "rating": 4.5, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.455, "longitude": -79.97874}, "transactions": ["delivery", "pickup"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "2549 Penn Ave", "address2": null, "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15222", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["2549 Penn Ave", "Pittsburgh, PA 15222"]}, "phone": "+14129181875", "display_phone": "(412) 918-1875", "distance": 2060.6387909217733}], "total": 5, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Cacio E Pepe Rigatoni,Tiramisu,Gnocchi with Meatballs,Zeppoles,Roasted Cauliflower,Porchetta,
[{'review_text': "A wonderful experience with delicious food all made from scratch. A can't miss spot in Pittsburgh, for sure.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of the best (if not THE best) Italian restaurant in the city! This place is always packed (rightly so) so definitely make a reservation ahead of time. I visited for a dinner with friends and we started out by sharing the fresh bread w/ricotta and the pumpkin gnocchi. I've been wanting to try the pumpkin gnocchi for years and it truly didn't disappoint - it was so flavorful and the gnocchi just melted in your mouth! I had the cacio e Pepe and it took my right back to my vacation in Italy. SO GOOD!! It was also a generous portion that I was able to take home for a second meal. For dessert, DiAnoia's has a great selection of fresh baked goods that all looked amazing. I had the pumpkin cheesecake and loved it! For drinks, highly recommend the Ciao Bella and espresso martini.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After 6 years I finally went to the infamous dianoias in the strip district. I originally found them on Facebook for their gnocchi bread bowls. But today we went to try something else: the pumpkin gnocchi bowl. Something I was a little put off about was that it sells for $36 which is a lot, but our waitress proceeded to tell us that the pumpkins they had on hand were a little bigger so it was best suited for two people and $48 instead. Like??? That's a little unfair. But we got it because we didn't care that much. It was good but lacked flavor in my opinion. The gnocchi were gigantic. It was really pretty and tasted good but I don't know, just wasn't flavorful. I got a rigatoni cacio e pepe for my main course and it was way too cheesy... they piled the pecorino on it was almost too flavorful. I couldn't eat it I was squishing the sauce out of the rigatoni and wiping it off on the side of my bowl. You can see in the photos it is just absolutely doused with cheese. I appreciated that it wasn't watery though like so many places are anddd the rigatoni themselves were delicious and perfect consistency. It's difficult to master a cacio e pepe. My boyfriend loved his tagliatelle dish and my FIL loved his as well. We were blown away by the foccocia bread we got (the free bread). It was so so delicious. Service was really good.Update 11/28/23: Aimee was so kind and actually reached out and sent us a gift card for the cacio e pepe debacle. So sweet. This business really does CARE.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We had dinner here. It was my first time and I was looking forward to it since we had to make the reservation so far in advance to get in and the reviews are fantastic. Sadly, The food wasn\'t as good as I had hoped. It honestly did not have a lot of flavor and we ordered quite a bit! All of it was just okay. The bread and whipped ricotta was probably my favorite thing, it was different that traditional table bread and the ricotta cheese spread was very good. The meatballs were also good. Not fantastic- but good. The Cacio e Pepe was again... the flavor just wasn\'t there for me and that\'s one of my go-to favorite dishes at other places. The Zucca Alla Nerano- This dish was actually flavorful. Also, extremely heavy! (So if you order this- you better be hungry!) otherwise you\'ll need a to-go box which isn\'t a bad thing either. The service was great, our servers were incredibly kind and attentive. They offer a few tables of outdoor seating available on the sidewalk, which is a nice option. The ambiance is a 2 out of 5 for me. It feels cheap and thrown together. The bar is nice, but isn\'t seen from the dining area so it\'s quickly forgot about. I know it\'s an "Eatery" but the checkered napkins were an interesting choice to me as well. Overall, we had a nice experience but I guess the reviews set the bar really high and nothing really met the expectation unfortunately. But I would go again and give it another try!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We had an amazing meal a DiAnoia's! The focaccia head to start was delicious and the Brussels sprouts were great too! We also got the gnocchi with meatballs and my husband said they were some of the best meatballs that he's ever had! And the tiramisu was chefs kiss.  The food was stellar but the other highlight was the service. Manami at the bar was fabulous and really made our experience great. Can't recommend this spot enough!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "As a big fan of pasta, the food really stole my heart! The scrumptious Cacio E pepe is made with authentic and creamy cheese, also recommend their roasted cauliflower with pesto and pine nuts. Don't forget to try their signature dessert zeppoles and tiramisu before leaving. The restaurant is so popular and always busy so it might require some patience to wait for the food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Ordered online an hour ahead before I was hoping to pick up our dinner and still had to wait 45 minutes once I arrived at the restaurant. The staff were unable to let me know an ETA on the food but told me to wait inside, I would had been fine coming back had I known it was going to be almost another hour. The gnocchi was huge but very dense and not particularly flavorful, eggplant was two small pieces with a sauce that was way too salty. Perhaps the food would have been different/better dining in, but take out was a no for me. The ambiance during warmer months with the garage doors open seemed really nice tho.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "5 stars all day everyday - I would be surprised if you are reading this review because there are SOOOO many positive reviews for for DiAnoia's and THEY DO NOT MISS. DiAnoia's lived up to the hype with every single bite. I got the Gnochi with meatballs and oh my goodness the fresh cooked bread, it was just mwah chef's kiss again there are countless reviews of DiAnoia's and if you are reading this one and I need to sell you on a remarkable 1st class experience at a top knotch italian restraunt then please let me sell you, but man really it sells itself. Melady got the Cacio y pepe and it was creamy and amazing. We will be back the lighting is perfect the service is exceptional again all these reviews should sell you on amazing time and it really doesn't need a review just go see it for yourself - remember to make a reservation! but again 10/10 one of the best places i have eaten this year and maybe this decade.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'DiAnoias is one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh! The food is delicious and the service is always very good. You definitely need to make a reservation well in advance. However, often times you can snag one the same week due to cancellations.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fantastic experience. Homemade pasta, beautiful decor, and great service.  Highly recommend, We will definately be back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was really excited to go back to DiAnoia's for my first full meal there. It was overall good but did not quite live up to my expectations. First off, the service and ambience were excellent. I tried an Aperol spritz for my drink. Maybe it's because it was my first time trying it and I just don't like Aperol spritz, but it tasted a bit like orange flavored medicine. The bread was good but maybe not the right thing to order for just 2 people (it would be better for a large group), since we were feeling kind of full when our entrees came out. The Brussels sprouts were tasty. For our entrees, I got the gnocchi with meatballs and my fiancé got the cacio e pepe. They were good but not amazing. The meatballs were the highlight for me. The gnocchi were huge and I had to cut them in 2-3 pieces. The cacio e pepe was just okay for me. We got the tiramisu for desserts, which was delicious. Overall, it was a nice dinner for a date night, but I think I could get better Italian food for a better price somewhere else.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food: It was good, my partner and I took food home with us. That said, I expect to do that when I have pasta. It was good, it was average for the price comparative to other restaurants I've been to. Drinks: I had the classic martini, it was okay. Partner had the espresso martini and it was excellent. Service: It was great, we almost always sit at the bar when we go out and we went without a want.Ambiance: It was beautiful. It was Italian in its true roots. Things I regret: I think we would have been further ahead with apps over drinks if we had to choose. A lot of FOMO looking at some other tables. Overall: We got out of there for $90 with tip. It was good, but I'm not in hurry to go back. That said, I think apps over drinks might be the move here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food: 3/5 Maybe it was because we came in with high expectations, but we left rather disappointed. Gnocchi: The gnocchi was cooked well, but you could hardly taste the pecorino and the marinara tasted one dimensional. If someone told me the marinara was just a blended can of San Marzano tomatoes- no onions or garlic- I would have believed it. Meatballs were tender.Agnello All'amatriciana: the bolognese has a bit more dimension than the marinara (as should be expected) but our dish was on the salty side and overall unremarkable. Despite the pasta being made in-house, it lacked that distinctly smooth yet almost bouncy texture that I expect from fresh pasta.The best thing about the meal was the bread in olive oil and some balsamic honestly.Ambiance: Nice interior decoration with a variety of seating, including indoor and outdoor. However, they DO NOT HAVE AC OR EVEN OVERHEAD FANS. It was 80 degrees out and we were uncomfortably warm for our hour long meal. In true European fashion, water at the table doesn't come cold haha", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited DiAnoia's during lunch with a group of 6. We sat at a round table that could've accommodated about 10 if it had to, so it's nice for a semi-large group. During lunch you place your order at the counter and they give you a number to place on your table for your food delivery. Water containers are self service is a fridge near the counter. There is no server, so that's something to be aware of.The group recommended I try the gnocchi and meatballs, and I'm happy to have followed that suggestion. This dish comes with 2 meatballs the size of an adult fist. The gnocchi themselves were enormous!! I've never cut a gnocchi in half before. The texture and flavor was perfect. The mocha was generously frothed and beautifully presented. With the weather becoming nicer the open front seating offers a nice breeze if you're able to get a table in that section.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Anytime we are in Pittsburgh, this is our go to spot. Whether it is for lunch or dinner, everything is delicious. This week, we came in for both. For lunch, we ordered the whipped ricotta, roasted potatoes (crispy and delicious), eggplant parm panini and the porchetta panini (outstanding). Previously, we've had the Italiano panini which is fantastic.For dinner, we had the escarole, beans and sausage which is incredible, roasted eggplant, meatballs, fresh bread (a must order), Coyne Farms half chicken.Service is always great. We will continue to return anytime we are in town.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'If there were INFINITY stars - I\'d give that to this wonderful, unpretentious, orgasmically good Italian establishment. Hubby, BFF (in town for a visit), and I landed the only rez we could get the other night = at the blue-hair hour (5p ). Turns out - we ate & drank SO much, the early hour was a good thing. Great, casual vibe inside - fresh white interior with pops of vibrant paint, artwork. We sat by the closed garage doors - GREAT seats, and while we started to get seriously hot at first, one of the employees came over and raised both garage doors. Instant relief! The food is the star - but so was our server Alexa - the taller one!).  She made great recs that we followed, to our delight!  "Beans & greens" to start, along with a fabulous roasted eggplant dish. Both were so intensely flavorful --- the beans and escarole with spicy Italian sausage had the sought edge, but the olives and sauce with the eggplant were so delish. The fresh focaccia sitting on a pool of vibrant EVOO w/ a splash of balsamic was quite good, but then hubs & bff spied a giant, flying saucer-like bread dish at another table - slathered in grated Parm (aka- the fresh bread) -- and we got that, too! Thin, crispy yummness.  We got roasted cauliflower with pesto and pine nuts (WOW- the flavor) and roasted potatoes with a spicy-ish aioli (these were a little salty and just way too much food).  Entree (2 to share):  1.) gigantic home made gnocchi w/ killer, award-winning meatballs (holy moly those things were up there w/ the best I\'ve ever had!!); 2.)  "crema de mais" - fusilli w/ roasted corn, dill, corn purée, & roasted peppers (this was not as flavorful - but leftovers were more flavorful on day2!).  We didn\'t get a protein on the fusilli- so maybe that would add more flavor??  I\'d go for Cacio e pepe next time.  Accompanying this massive feast was a fabulous Sicilian Cabernet. Wicked good wine. Absolutely NO room for anything off their limited dessert menu (tho my stomach thought about tiramisu). No doubt it would\'ve knocked out socks off - tho we had none left after this fabulous, perfect dinner. Cannot wait to return!!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My boyfriend and I wanted to go here for our anniversary, but I was struggling to get a reservation. I called the restaurant, and the hostess told me that they accept walk-ins at the bar and the high top tables. We figured we would give it a shot, and to our surprise, we got a table within 20 minutes. The complimentary focaccia bread came plated on top of an oil and balsamic mixture; it was to die for! I ordered the gnocchi and meatballs. The gnocchi were quite large, but they were cooked very well! The meatballs were also huge, but they were perfectly tender. I also ordered a cocktail comprised of vodka, black tea, and cucumber, and it was very refreshing. I decided to go with a glass of wine for my second drink, and the waiter was keen on helping me find the perfect type. We had a great first experience, and we definitely plan to return with some of our family and friends in the near future!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We arrived pretty late, about 1:45pm. We didn't know that Sunday does not have regular lunch menu, it just has the brunch menu. Sadly, since we were so late, the pizza rolls and cinnamon rolls were sold out. They sounded delicious though. We got the breakfast pizza, veal Parmesan, and pistachio cake roll. Breakfast pizza was decadent and delicious. Also somehow evoked feelings of breakfast? Spaghetti with the veal was top notch. Deep flavorful sauce and fresh pasta. Dessert was definitely real pistachio. Very subtle and slightly overpowered by the dark chocolate. Delicious none the less, and very very rich. Homey Italian feel.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'It is perhaps a little on the small side, but it is then the smallest slice of heaven in the Strip District. It was very busy, but the hosts graciously offered us two other seating options. We took our place at the bar, and the seats were not too high and were comfortable. The bartender was patient, competent, and kind, but she made what could be deemed a normal dinner or happy hour and turned it into an experience and a great memory for friends. On top of all the great service and atmosphere, the food was out of this world and kept making me want to eat from the first appetizer to the last dessert (and the cookies we took to go).', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I stopped by for lunch here yesterday for the first time! The ambiance is nice, very unique design elements like chandeliers made from bottles and glasses. During the time that I went you are asked to take a menu, get in line, and order at a counter. I'm not sure if it is like this at all times of the day. I ordered the Aglio E Olio and shared the whipped ricotta. The pasta tasted fresh, but I wish it wasn't so cooked. If I go again I will definitely make sure to specify al dente when ordering. The whipped ricotta and toasted bread was definitely the star for me, better than the main dish! I also saw some great looking desserts, but didn't have time to get any. Overall this was a good first stop in, and I would definitely recommend stopping in if you haven't before. Hopefully I will get to give it another try soon.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited DiAnoia's for an early Friday lunch with my wife and parents, and we had some tasty food. You order food at a front counter, but alas, we had the unfortunate timing to come in right after about 12 students from the Pittsburgh Ballet Theater walked in to order coffee and snacks. About 20 minutes later, we placed our order for lunch, two servings of aglio e olio (pasta with oil), 6 meatballs, roasted cauliflower, and an espresso for my dad.The aglio e olio was all right, flavorful and fresh, but nothing spectacular, as were the meatballs. The roasted cauliflower was a standout- full of cheese, garlic, pine nuts... this is something I would would go back for. My dad said the espresso was average, and was more impressed with one I picked up for him at Prestogeorge an hour later. All told, the bill was around $72 plus a tip, which was more than I had expected going in. We did have leftovers, at least.The service was friendly, and a nice plus about DiAnoia's is that there are plenty of takeout containers out for your leftovers. Also, the bathroom was clean (always a plus). Is it worth a visit? Perhaps- maybe pick something different than pasta, but definitely order the roasted cauliflower!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We've been trying to get into this restaurant for almost a year. Always booked, so I finally got us a reservation on a Friday. It was before a show at the Benedum. It was Saint Patrick's Day, so maybe folks weren't looking for Italian food on that night! So happy we finally found out for ourselves about all the hype around this place. It was fantastic Italian food. Probably one of the best in the city.It was raining when we got to the restaurant and the hostess  showed us to our table upstairs. We had to walk through a tiled hallway which because of the water tracked in, had become a little slippery. I mentioned this to our hostess as we got to the table, but she seemed rather indifferent to my advising her of a potential liability. Oh well, that was the only negative thing I have to say about the entire evening.We ordered some drinks to start. We had some signature cocktails that were tasty. I was the only one who ordered a salad with my meal. I have to say it was the best house salad I've ever had. Loaded with chick peas, olives, roasted red pepper, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers and lovely mixed greens, it could have been a meal on it's own. We got some bread to go with the cocktails which came with a creamy ricotta cheese topping mixed with olive oil. I've never had anything like that before. Between that and the salad I could easily have been sated. It was wonderful!Our entrees ranged from gnocchi with a meat ball, to Cacio e Pepe to Vongole linguine (clam sauce). All were homemade pasta and all were delicious. Those who ordered the gnocchi had enough to take home for lunch the next day. I ate all my Vongole. The Cacio e Pepe was so creamy and decadent, my daughter couldn't help but clean her plate too.Our server was very efficient and nice. The atmosphere upstairs was nice and quiet and the artwork on the walls was interesting. The ladies room was clean and well stocked.Overall, an excellent dining experience and I hope to get back again to try out more dishes.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I sadly got no pictures because I was soo hungry and the food looked soo good!!! We started with a bottle of wine, cauliflower, and bread with whipped ricotta. The cauliflower tasted great but was a little small to share with four people. The bread and ricotta are a must! My husband and I shared the gnocchi with meatballs and shrimp scampi with a lot of lemon...soo flavorful! We loved both dinners. I'm not sure I could pick which one was better. We finished the shrimp because we didn't want to bring that home, but did bring home a meatball and about 1/3 of the gnocchis. It was great portions. We did wait a little to order but our food came out at great times. It is also loud inside, door and garage door open, so conversations, at least last night, was a little difficult", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Had dinner reservations on a Thursday. We got stuck in traffic on the way to the restaurant, but called to let them know we were on our way and running a bit behind. The hostess was super nice about it and held our table. We were seated immediately when we got there. There was a decent crowd on hand, but it wasn't loud in the restaurant at all. Our waitress was SO nice and super helpful deciding what to order. Both my friend and I ordered aperol spritz's. My friend ordered the gnocchi with meatballs and I ordered the gnocchi in a bread bowl. Neither of us were disappointed in the slightest. The food was amazing and both of us left full, happy, and with leftovers.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Stopped in for a Tuesday morning breakfast...and we had the entire place to ourselves.  We sat at the bar, and we were instantly greeted.  The breakfast menu is short, but it's perfect.  Savory, sweet, meat, bread, and veggies.  We had the lebanon bologna stuffed cornetti which was like a croissant -- without the layers -- stuffed with savory, smoky meat.  We also had a caprese omelette with crispy potatoes: perfectly cooked eggs, and easily some of the best breakfast potatoes we've ever had.  The star of the show was the zeppole -- warm, lemony, donut holes that were covered in powdered sugar.  Mimosas were great, and refilled as needed.  Fantastic!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Every time I come home to visit family they make a reservation at DiAnoia's. Its tradition at this point. My niece and nephew always get the gnocchi sorrentina bread bowl. Every pasta dish you get will be good. The best part is once you finish your meal and you are stuffed full of pasta, you can walk over to the dessert window and pick out what you'll be snacking on next. There are so many options.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This review is for the bar only as we didn't get a table and just grabbed a drink after a long work day! I really enjoyed stopping in here for the first time. Rustic Italian interior, small but intimate bar area. A lot of classic Italian cocktail options and I started with the Aperol Spritz. It was so good and refreshing! The glassware is even the classic Italian kind that my grandparents used to have! I loved that added touch. I ended with an Espresso Martini. It was beautifully presented and tasted just as good! We enjoyed chatting with patrons next to us and the bartenders as well. We can't wait to come back for dinner!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Ok, this restaurant made me seriously consider moving to Pittsburgh. And our amazing waitress made me seriously question my sexuality. Incredible food, start to finish. Fantastic wine (they had frappato by the glass, which I never see). Too full for dessert so they gave us free cookies to take home. Start to finish, simply incredible. What a delightful introduction to the city.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I absolutely, positively love this place. So freakin much.Firstly, the service is always so friendly and makes sure that you get the attention that you need, even when it's a packed house (which is 90% of the time). I am a huge fan of the whipped ricotta. Pro tip is to make sure you get it during dinner. They serve it with different breads, lunch is a crusty toast-like bread. Dinner serves a warm fresh flatbread type of bread, my opinion is that the fresh bread at dinner is superior for whipped ricotta swiping. I tried the gnocchi the last time I was there and BOY OH BOY. They are like little mini pillows of soft, wonderful gnocchi bites. I couldn't get enough. Also reheated very well when I saved some to bring home. I like to always speak on the reheatability (that should be a word, you'll notice on my yelp that I create my own words to describe how I feel) of a dish because I always like to get a lot to try a couple dishes and take some home.  Their dessert cabinet is not one to just walk by. Stop there and induldge! Now! I love all of their cookies, the snickerdoodle nutella sandhwhich is like it fell from cookie heaven! One of my all time favorite. There is a lemon angenetti (probably didnt spell that right) that is also super tasty and light. Just everything in their sweets section is worth looking at! Even when I am not going to DiAnoia's and I'm visiting their sister location Pizzaria Davide, I will specifically b-line it for DiAnoias to raid the cookie section. All in all, I am half Italian, this place speaks very loudly to my soul. If you want some fresh, high-quality Italian in the Strip District, this place is it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After years of wanting to go to DiAnoia's to get the gnocchi bread bowl, I finally achieved this goal. AND IT WAS INCREDIBLE! Our waiter was so nice and made recommendations (I added two meatballs in the dish and they were amazing). The inside of the restaurant is very cute - my friend and I got a glass of wine at the bar while we waited for our table to be clear. Would go back again for this exact same meal.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Never disappoints! My favorite part of DiAnoia's is the ever changing seasonal menus.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Very cool laidback Italian eatery in the Strip.  Has nice hip vibe to it. Make their own fresh pastas and bread.  The meatball sandwich was immense.  Definitely could have split it.  Excellent coffee and a limoncello lavender panacotta was incredible.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been dying to try DiAnoia's since I saw their pumpkin bowl gnocchi on Instagram last fall! We finally made our way there, and it did not disappoint!Our table tried a little bit of everything - pasta, gnocchi, chicken, meatballs - everything was delicious! You could tell it was all handmade using the freshest ingredients. Our reservation was for a table outside, which ended up just being under a tent in a parking lot. Next time, I'd definitely try to get seating inside. The only downfall was that the service was very slow, but the tasty food certainly makes up for it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Can't rate the food- never got any. Waited an hour after ordering- - that seemed like enough- then paid the check for drinks with an oversized FU tip and then on our way. Maybe they are too busy sending DoorDash orders out but no matter- won't be back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I really hate to do this. For better or for worse I really don't write negative reviews because I don't want to hurt local businesses. That being said...I came here the other night with my group of friends for our monthly restaurant club. Off the bat the host kind of had a negative attitude towards our group. We had a larger party which I totally understand is difficult to accommodate. We had a couple extra people come last minute and we did call in advance to let them know. We were told it would be a tight squeeze but it would work, which we were fine with and understood. This message apparently wasn't passed along to the host and he was thrown off by it. We waited about 15-20 minutes after our reservation time for our table but alas were seated.We ordered our food and drinks. The drinks took a bit but were great once we got them. We ordered bread as an appetizer and our main entrees and were told that our meals would be coursed out. Cut to an hour later and we still had not even received our bread and tables that got there after us did. Obviously things happen and people forget. Then the entrees came out and there was debate over whether we should still get the bread and be charged for it. They charged us for a drink we never got and only took off one of the breads from our bill. It was kind of a mess and just all around bad customer service. On top of all of this, a member of our group saw a mouse in the main dining room. Not all of us saw it and I personally didn't see it, so I was not going to cause a scene and bring it up in front of other parties in the dining room. I talked to my girlfriend when I got home and she said that she had a friend also see a mouse when she was here. I also saw another review on here about a mouse sighting that was seemingly swept under the rug. Overall, I do not recommend DiAnoias. Yes the food is good, but you can absolutely find better Italian food with better service in the area. Maybe we just had a bad experience but dang it is not worth the hype. I really was looking forward to coming and I had this on my Pittsburgh restaurant list for years. Truly a disappointing experience.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Amazing food and service. Our waitress was so nice and attentive. We got a a house salad and it was large enough to split between 2 of us. The gnocchi and meatballs were so good. All of the portions were large enough to take home for a second meal. We had a reservation and we're taken straight to our table when we got there. The place was a little bit loud inside but with so many people inside it was expected. Amazing all around!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Counter order lunch spot in the strip area of Pittsburgh.  Open seating and lots of healthy lunch selections. Staff was very friendly.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came here for dinner for the first time. It was a beautiful and sunny night! They had all their doors/windows open to let the fresh breeze come in. Even though we were sitting inside it felt like we were enjoying the sun on the outside. The restaurant is open and had high ceilings so it felt bigger then what it is. They do offer a few tables outside and other customer were able to bring their dogs. They also had larger tables to accommodate 7 people. I saw one large table that can hold 12. I ordered the chicken cacciatore and it wasn't seasoned. It tasted like plain tomato sauce with no salt. The chicken didn't look like chicken and there wasn't much of it. I did try my friends Aglio e Formaggio and it was very flavorful and cheesy! It was definitely a heavy dish but it was very good. Also tried the fresh bread with olive oil and parmigiano-reggiano. We ordered two and one of them didn't come out with cheese. It looks like a popular thing to order since every table had ordered it. The whipped ricotta was good. I tried some fried artichokes and it was good but nothing to special about it. The drinks were all delicious and reasonably priced.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "23 Minute Egg Sandwich, Abysmally Slow ServiceOn the way out of the city for a long trip, my wife and I stopped at DiAnoia's in the Strip District to try out their weekday brunch for the first time. We wanted to try out their newish weekday brunch. This is a lovely restaurant with a very European aesthetic, which makes it a visual treat to go to. We've eaten at DiAnoia's many times for the Sunday brunch they used to host, and for dinner, or snacks and drinks many times. The only reason DiAnoia's get's a 2, instead of 1, is because all of our other times there were good, and the food has generally been a smidge above average. There were no patrons inside, and two outside, we sat at the bar. We ordered two oat milk lattes, the egg sandwich, potato side with aioli, and stuffed cornetti. The bar tender was very cold to us, and obvisouly didn't want to be there. The interaction was defacto and mechanical with an air of resentement, which is not preferable. The oat milk lattes came in a reasonable amount of time, and then we waited, and waited. We waited and talked while we watched the kitchen staff from our seats do some prep work, organize some things, talk with each other, stock other things, and then the chef went to the grill. 15 minutes for an egg sandwich and a pre-made, then reheated pastry is a very long time to wait, but finally our order was in the window. It sat there, and sat there. A staffer from somewhere in the back came and took it out of the window, and into the back with them. Needless to say, it wasn't our food. My wife and I agreed that if the food didn't arrive in five minutes, we were paying for our lattes made, without love, but technically sound, and leaving. A few minutes later, I saw the chef making our potatoes. We decided to give it a few more minutes than five, and our food came out. The potatoes were overcooked, the cornetti was yeasty and doughy, and burnt on the bottom. The egg sandwich was fine, well, fine for a five minute egg sandwich, not a 23 minute egg sandwich. I don't reccomend DiAnoia's for brunch if you're on a schedule, or want to have a fun experience.We will be back to DiAnoia's, but not for brunch.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'FRESH PASTA. such good chew and holds sauce very well. The meatballs were amazing because they were very flavorful, large, and juicy. The sauce was just ok to me. I went during lunch so you seat yourself after ordering at the service counter. Much less crowded than going during dinner time. The interior was very pretty and full of light and decoration. One of my favorite places to go in the Strip District.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If I could give DiAnoia's more than 5 stars, I would without a doubt.  There was not one aspect about the meal, our service, or the drinks that I did not fully enjoy.  Parking in the strip can be a challenge at points but we arrived before the rush so we had no issues finding a spot on the street.  We had a reservation for 5:00pm, right when their dinner begins.  We were sat just before our reservation time and greeted by our waitress minutes after. Drinks:We ordered an Aperol Spritz, Espresso Martini, and Ciao Bella.  The drinks were made perfectly and arrived at the table quickly.  The espresso martini was one of the best I have had in Pittsburgh.  Food:To start, we ordered the Fresh Bread with Olive Oil + Parmigiano-Reggiano and Whipped Ricotta for the table.  There was 6 of us, and it was the perfect amount for a small bite before dinner.  If the dinner portions were not so large, we would have ordered another one!  For dinner we ordered the Gnocchi with Meatballs, Cacio e Pepe, Cinghiale e Funghi, and Pasta al Lepre.  The gnocchi's were extremely light and fluffy, but also very filling.  The other pasta entrees were full of flavor and the house made pasta was cooked to perfection.  You can tell that this food is made with quality ingredients.  We did not order any dessert, but will need to stop back one day to try them.Service and Ambiance:Our waitress was amazing.  She was quick to greet us and offer the run down of the restaurant.  She kept our drinks full and was sure to get us anything we needed.  The inside was small, but that makes it even more special.  There is a bar side and dining room side.  The whole restaurant was very clean.This was a great spot to celebrate my sister birthday.  I really recommend trying out DiAnoia's.  You will not be disappointed!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Well its official I fell in love last night. After reading the reviews and a solid recommendation from my best friend I knew that I had to make this my first dinner stop for this weekend trip.We got seated a little earlier than our 10pm reservation which was great because my partner and I were starving and ready to go!We ordered a couple of drinks to start - Negroni Sbagliato and the Rosso Spritz, both were very good!We got the Brussels sprouts to share. They had a very nice bite to them and each bite was better than the last. The Parmesan and garlic worked perfectly with the Brussels sprouts. Definitely would recommend this as a starter!I ordered the gnocchi and meatballs and wow. Just wow. I don't think I'll do it just by describing the flavor adventure I went on but it was incredible. The gnocchis were cooked to perfection and the meatballs? The meatballs were the star of the show. They were so delicious that I had to order another one after finishing my plate. I've never been a massive gnocchi fan but if all the gnocchi tasted like the one I had at DiAnoia's well...call me a lifetime fan! Would highly recommend this dish.Overall this place is worth the hype! Definitely the star of the weekend in Pitt so far!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "What can I say about perfection?  Food incredible, service excellent, ambiance location appropriate.  I had the Pasta a la Norma and a side salad.  Everything was delicious and large in portion.  I took the pasta home and it was even better the second day.  Try it like so many others have.  You won't be disappointed.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been here a few times before but I would recommended coming for dinner! They have a larger pasta menu at dinner and I would highly recommend the mushroom pasta. Everything we had was really good. They start you off with bread, oil and vinegar. Bread was soft and lightly salted-- so good. The cacio e Pepe was soo creamy and packs a punch of flavor which each bite. We started with the escarole and beans which comes in a pretty large size so we had to pack it home. My only complaint was that the escaroles and beans were a bit too salty. Mushroom pasta was so light and comforting and went really well with the meatballs. During lunch they serve lots of sandwiches which are good too but my highlight is still the pasta here.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Being a native to Pittsburgh, going out for Italian is a must when I'm back in town. (Seattle just doesn't offer the same degree of authentic Italian food). This restaurant totally hit the spot. Offered Free street parking and trendy warehouse atmosphere. You order at counter and seat yourself making it a nice place for a quick lunch. The homemade pasta and meatballs were da bomb!!  And oh have I missed Pittsburgh cookies! I had the snickerdoodle, lemon, and a couple others. These cookies are worthy of a Pittsburgh wedding cookie table!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "First let me start off with the positives. The food was excellent! We each had a side salad, Aglio E Olio(I never had this before and it's one of my favorite pastas now) we added a meatball, tiramisu and a lemon cookie for desert. My friend also had a pumpkin latte that she enjoyed. I must say the meatball was one of the best I have ever eaten. I was a bit confused about the system they had and you were kind of left on your own to figure things out. There was no one to greet you or explain how the system or ordering worked  They have paper menus and we had to order our food at the counter. There was no self serve station to get silverware, salt, pepper, Parmesan etc. , All the tables were filthy dirty and I had to ask someone to wipe a table for us. When they brought out our food, they did not bring silverware, napkins, or salt, pepper, Parmesan, or butter for the bread. I had to keep getting up to ask employees for help. The staff was amazing and cheerfully completed anything I asked. However, for the price, we spent over $100 for lunch, I felt that they should have had people to clean the tables, and to at least give you silverware. It was behind a station so you were unable to get any without asking. The same for salt, pepper, butter and Parmesan.Parking is nearly impossible to find near the restaurant. We had to drive around for at least 20 minutes to find a spot-on street parking. I deducted star for these reasons. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures with constantly having to get up to ask for basic items.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Best Italian food in Pittsburgh! I have struggled to find good authentic Italian food in the area but this place hits all the marks. I have the pork sugo and will definitely be back to try more dishes.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Finally got my reservation here.  We were warmly greeted and seated at a small two top table. Our waitress came over promptly and answered any questions we had. We ordered the bread service with the ricotta. The bread came out as a large balloon type fashion. It was good, kind of tasted like pizza crust to me. The ricotta and hot pepper seeds on top made it yummy. I decided on stuffed shells & hubby got the cacio. The cacio was so flavorful and creamy. It was the perfect portion size for one or two share. The stuffed shells were amazing. One down side is there was not enough sauce on them at all, very dry. This dinner could easily be shared by two. We decided to take desert home, it was tiramisu & some type of almond cookie.  The cookie was dreamy, I wish I would of gotten more than one. My husband enjoyed the tiramisu. All in all we will return. The table was way two small for two people, it was so cramped and the food barely fits, it made for an uncomfortable dinner. Another downside was not enough sauce on the shells, in hindsight I should of asked for a side of sauce but did not. The service was absolutely amazing, top notch.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great meal!  Very good!  Highly recommend!! One of the better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Every time I go here, I end up telling everyone I see about it for days after. They are always busy so make a reservation but it's great food and great staff. Homemade pastas, amazing breads and desserts, classy cocktails and the best selection of Amaro in the city. They have a killer pizza shop next door too!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Absolutely a new Pgh favorite. Telling everyone the best kept secret to real food. The service was spot on with fantastic recommendations and authentic!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came for brunch Sunday at opening time (10am) and we got a table right out front. I think we got lucky as a walk in. It seems like you should have a reservation. I ordered the Egg Sandwich, my hubby the Breakfast Pizza and then we shared the Pizza Roll appetizer. It took a little bit of time for our food to come but I enjoyed a mimosa while I waited. It was a little heavy on the orange juice but still good. The food was absolutely delicious. I would order all of it again. I cant wait to try something different on the menu. Our waitress was great too! I will definitely be coming back and making a reservation!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fabulous food and cocktails. We had the cauliflower in garlic for an appetizer. It was so good. We had the rigatoni and the eggplant dish for mail courses. Had a lot left over. Of course, it was very busy but we didn't feel ignored by the staff.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "First time there. No reservation but they found a table for us. My partner had the spaghetti and meatballs and I had the half chicken. I never finished it. Took it home with me and I'm still eating bits and pieces of it two days later. Hot and crusty with crusty potatoes and rapini to die for. Go. Eat. Get take homes and take outs. We'll be back for them for sure.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wow, what a treat. I love the casual atmosphere with the carefully crafted Italian food with fresh ingredients. DiAnoia's is a great place to try a few different menu items because everything is so good. Also enjoyed the nice warm drink on a cold winter day. A top spot in the Strip.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "As soon as you walk in the door at DiAnoia's you know it's going to be good! The smells are amazing coming out of the kitchen. I'm not a huge fan of the seating options as it is tight inside. You do have more privacy outside but dislike the table style chosen. Neither of which is even a big deal once food starts arriving at the table! You have to get the balls! House bread is also a must. After a couple of trips there I've tried a handful of the main dishes and apps. You just can't go wrong here. The lamb ragu (not pictured) was hands down my favorite so far. So rich in flavor and the pasta was perfectly cooked. I always opt for tiramisu at the end. My favorite! It does lack in a good punch of flavor but still great if you saved room!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This has been on my list to try for a while but it's a tough Reservation to get. It was worth the wait!  The restaurant has a clean open feeling and when we arrived for our 5 pm reservation only one other table was full. By the time we left the restaurant was packed!  The food was delicious!  We had a hard time selecting what we wanted so we decided to do some sharing - definitely a good way to approach it. We tried two salads:  house and blood orange. Both we tasty. The fried artichokes we done perfectly. The beans and greens were delicious!  The meat and cheese selection - while pretty was just ok. The bread with whipped ricotta- wow!  The main dish star of the show was definitely gnocchi in the bread bowl - wow!  I have never had gnocchi this large, but everything about this was perfect!  Not pictured was the Al limone which we added veal to - holy moly - this was also spot on!  We will be back!  Delicious!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'BIG ASS GNOCCHI BREAD BOWL!!! yum!! took me two days to eat but that might be bc i started sweating in the restaurant. very cute in there. best salad of my life. xoxo', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So this was not the place we had planned to go this evening but my goodness is my tummy happy I did.  Even though I was dressed like a bum, staff was very nice. They were pretty busy for a Wednesday night but we  snaged two seats at the bar. Manami the bar tender was Amazing. So nice and just on top of it. I ordered the Cacio E Pepe with a meatball  and Hubs got the gnocchi bread bowl. As we waited for our food I watched the kitchen working and all the staff hustle in bustle of it all and  everything  was just calming to watch. The ambiance of the whole restaurant was some how comforting. We received bread and oil to snack on, it had a few drops of balsamic in it. It was good but I prefer a garlic and oil mixture. The food came and  though I was expecting a giant portion for some reason , it was a normal portion size. Not too small and not too big. As I dug in, my taste buds begun to dance. We both took bites of each others and both where amazingly good. I typically am not a fan of gnocchi because they to me are to thick and heavy But these had been  light and fluffy. The flavor changed with each bite. Tasting a different  spice and flavor. It was so very good. It's not cheap and you think for pasta it is kinda outrageous but I promise it is worth it. I can not wait to go again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Finally got to try this popular pick. We went around 11:45 am for lunch on a Saturday and we were able to get a table for 6. The service and food exceeded our expectations. The cashier taking our order was very personable and sweet. The food came out shortly after we ordered and we loved everything. The paninis are so fresh, I would highly recommend asking for a side of pesto, it was one of the best I've ever had. We also got a side of the potatoes which were perfectly cooked. To finish off any meal, definitely try one of their pastries!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Coming back to this place for another dinner!! Both the environment and the dishes are for the chilling night. For appetizers we first got the small Meat and cheese, recommended for 2 people on the menu however my friend and I both agreed that the portion size would be enough for 3-4! All their selections were so delicious, great value!! Then we had the roasted pear and apple salad with Burrata, refreshing but still has a warm feeling, love!For our pasta dish, we got the Pumpkin Gnocchi bowl for share. The sauce is so cheesy and creamy but not heavy, and the gnocchis are the most pillowy ones I've ever had. It's so good - don't miss it out during the season! Then we had the half size Branzino as Secondi, its great, very different from the pasta and you also get some good protein in as well. Last but not least, the hidden gem Roasted cauliflower with ricotta, pesto and bread crumbles. Best cauliflower dish ever, creamy inside and crunchy crumbles on top, yum!-For cocktails, we statrted with Ciao Bella and Toddi di Erbe(served hot). Then after the meal, we had Termolian and espresso martini. All pretty good but highly recommend the espresso martini if you are only getting one drink for the night(or whenever!)-Overall recommend this place for all occasions!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I loveddd the service! Food was so good! We were here for desert and it served exactly what it needed to.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went here with some friends over the weekend. It's a type of place where you order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. We all got pasta because it was homemade. It was honestly really good. Right when we were about to leave my friend saw a mouse run across the floor and into the wall. The food was really good but I don't know if I want to eat there again after that.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious food, fabulous staff, great atmosphere.Dined here for my birthday on 9/9/2022...Reservations were for 1/2 hr to closing time, but, they stayed open and were still seating people after we arrived. Only downside was it was packed and thus very loud. Tough to have a normal volume conversation over the table.Otherwise, absolutely on point!! LOVED THIS PLACE!!Highly recommend.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love Di'Anoia's!  Their food was delicious. We took recommendations from our waitress, who was very knowledgeable but not pretentious! I got the Cacio E Pepe and my husband got the Stracotto, both delicious and enough for leftovers! We also got the roasted squash as an appetizer and it was sweet and a little spicy, would get again. The inside was nice, we went on a cold night so only indoor seating was available but they do have outdoor seating when it's nice out. Be sure to get a reservation at least a month in advance, fills up quick, but worth it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'food was great, atmosphere was great.....the women taking our order was extremely rude and seemed to be annoyed by customers', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Best Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh! Pasta is made in house. Gnocchi is the size of a marshmallow and tastes amazing! You can add different meats to any dish. I added a meatball to the gnocchi and it was delicious and huge! The bread bowl was a great addition as well. Had to schedule far in advance for a reservation but it was so worth it. Not sure if you can get in without a reservation so make sure to plan ahead. They have both outdoor and indoor seating. We sat inside and had a great experience! The wine bottle chandeliers were so cute.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "finally got my pumpkin gnocchi  it was every bit as devine as i wanted it to be. we also got cocktails, the salad appetizers, and desserts. i loved the salad, the cheese and dressing were incredible (definitely ask to try the house italian). the meal was also amazing, hot, and came out quickly. the only thing i wouldn't recommend were the desserts. we were disappointed in both options we ordered. the pumpkin dessert was okay, mild in flavor and excitement, and the gingerbread dessert tasted burnt. overall would absolutely come back", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "#1 cacio y Pepe in America. Not trying to blow smoke up anyone's ass here but holy TOLEDO. This is literally the best place ever. Holy smokes. As good as Rome and Florence pasta. Yes, indeed. Also, my fiancé is obsessed with the crispy potatoes. They have here... If you love a warm soft, mushy interior with a crispy outer shell potato, you are in the right place. This place is so neat inside. It's so beautifully decorated, and the environment is so uplifting to indulge in. I highly recommend that you come here with a friend for a weeknight dinner or a Friday night date night with your person or a family celebration. It's a place for all types of occasions. You could dress it up or dress it down. A wonderful experience truly", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My partner and I lived in Pittsburgh for 5 months and as we were getting closer to heading back to our home state, I started hearing more and more about DiAnoias.  We'd had pizza from their sister restaurant (awesome) and I'd had their pastries from coffee shops in the area (also awesome), but had never been in to the actual restaurant.  The best reservation slots book out way in advance, so  I was happy to get a late-night, last-minute reservation on a Saturday, our last dinner in Pittsburgh.I was even happier when they had some cancellations earlier in the evening and called to see if I wanted an earlier time slot (yes please!).The dining room is very open, trendy, but not overly fancy.  Some of the tables are pretty crammed together so we were happy to be taken to one a bit offset from the others.  I will mention the open concept makes the room pretty loud, but that didn't deter us.We started with the fresh bread which was similar to balloon bread.  It was absolutely amazing!  I said I was only going to have a little, but we both ate way too much - it was too tempting.  We got it with the whipped ricotta (because mmm.....ricotta) which was tasty, but ultimately brought the price of our starter to $15 so I'd probably skip it next time.  For entrees, we got the two main vegetarian pastas.  They were both good and my partner's was actually great.  I think we would have liked to see more red sauce options, but they keep a seasonal menu and the options we had were good enough.I was a bit disappointed when it came to dessert.  They were out of several and when we ordered one that they hadn't said they were out of, they came back and said they were actually out of it.  They said they had some frozen that they could thaw.  So two disappointments:  Being out of so much AND finding out some of their desserts are frozen.  We ordered a cookie and it was okay but nothing I'd order again (and a comp would have been nice considering how much they were out of).Perhaps the highlight for me was the drinks.  My partner had a cocktail and some wine and left happy.  I'm pregnant and asked if they could make a mocktail, fully figuring I'd get something basic which would have been fine, but instead they asked what flavor profiles I like and created an absolute masterpiece.  I even got a round two and they mixed it up a bit!  That was such a treat.Service was good all around.  Our server was personable and friendly.While I'm a bit bummed we waited until our last night in town to check out this place, I'm glad we eventually made it over for our last supper.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The last time I was here was four years ago, pre-pandemic. I went here with my family recently, and nothing has changed. Everything tasted just like how I remembered it. The atmosphere is so welcoming, and the service is attentive. The best thing is the fresh bread, and you have to order the whipped ricotta to put on top of it. The meatballs are so juicy and moist that it is a must whether you have it as an appetizer, side, or add it to your meal. The gnocchi is so pillowy soft, but be warned, it will feel like you're in a coma after. As for the Agnello All'amatriciana, it is good, but I wouldn't get it again. For it being like a bolognese, it is rich but not overly rich, but the reason I won't get it again is because it doesn't have much flavor; it is somewhat monotone, in my opinion. As for the Al Limone dish, delicious lemon isn't overpowering, and if you don't let the artichoke hearts change your mind, their taste isn't as bad as you think. I am a tiramisu connoisseur, and this place has the best, in my opinion. As the night continued on, it was a little loud, so I'd you don't mind it being a little noisy, then you should stop by and try this place out", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Close to 5 stars. We sat at the bar, where service and ambience were 10/10. Loved watching them make a plethora of classic cocktails with italian spirits. The foccacia with olive oil and balsamic was incredible but the fresh bread upgrade looked even more amazing (we didnt try it). Only minor disappointments were that the fritti were very heavily flavored of stale grease and the crema de mais dish was doused in dried pepper flakes, which made it inedible for me. The menu didn't mention them at all. Thankfully i filled up on bread and shared some of my husbands decadent gnocchi, meatballs and veal.  Tiramisu was too heavy on the cream and lady fingers were dry imo. (But im also an absolute tiramisu snob). We would go back. Id be sure to ask about unlisted garnishes if you have any food limitations.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We had a lovely date night at DiAnoia's! Reservations are highly recommended and they are usually booked couple weeks out. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and super nice. I actually did not like what I originally ordered and without hesitation he replaced it, I offered to pay for both meals but he said that was not needed and how they want all of their customers to be happy. We had the homemade bread with whipped ricotta. I can't put into words how good that ricotta and bread is. Also tried the meatballs, very flavorful and soft. Excellent! The gnocchi was perfection and so filling in the tomato Basil cream sauce. Our espresso martinis were amazing and the fried donuts had a lemon hint to them ended the night flawlessly.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'One of the best Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh. The homemade pastas, meatballs, and baked bread appetizer were all spectacular. The service was exceptional and environment was very cool.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My boyfriend and I had been wanting to try this restaurant for a while but never planned ahead enough to get a reservation. We finally got in and we're very happy with our dinner! We each got a drink, they had great cocktails to choose from. We then got bread and whipped ricotta as an appetizer. The bread is similar to pizza crust and it is HUGE! The whipped ricotta was really good with the bread. Next time I think we would try another appetizer, but definitely a good option if you want a lot of bread. I got the gnocchi with meatballs. The gnocchi are large and fluffy, and the two giant meatballs were really flavorful and soft. My boyfriend ordered a white sauce and mushroom dish that also had bison meatballs. I am not sure if it is still on the menu but it was really enjoyable as well! My only complaint would be how crowded it feels, there are a lot of tables in a small area, but once seated it's not an issue. Hoping to go back soon and try more of their pastas!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very possibly the best meal we've ever had in Pittsburgh. We came with a group of five and ordered so much: olives, brussels, kale caesar, meats & cheeses, bread with olive oil, steak florentine, several orders of gnocchi with meatballs, rigatoni alla zozzona, and then finished with the raspberry cheesecake, the beet caramel chocolate torta, tiramisu, and zeppoli. Everything was excellent, but I'd say the absolute musts for next time are the olives, brussels, bread, and the steak, which was perfectly medium rare and had an incredible char on it. I'd also be inclined to get the meats and cheeses and the gnocchi in some form or another. The rigatoni was excellent. For dessert, the cheesecake was probably our favorite, but we missed out on the rainbow cookies, which were sold out by the time we ordered.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have visited DiAnoia's for both lunch and dinner.  During lunch it's more casual where you order at the counter and they bring the food out where dinner is a full service which usually requires reservations with how busy it is.  The lunch gnocchi and meatballs from my latest visit was excellent.  You can definitely tel everything is fresh and made in house.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We walked in and they were busy. But, fortunately for us, they were able to seat us rather quickly due to a no-show. We are so glad they did.Wonderful food; fantastic food. Superb cacio e pepe; perfect gnocchi with meatballs.Emily and the rest of the staff provided great service even though the restaurant was very crowded.Nice decor and tables. The wine bottle chandelier with the wine glass chandeliers were very appropriate!Thanks for a great Sunday dinner.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I really really want to like this place. Have been here a few times over the years and always leave feeling the same way. Beautiful space, far enough away from the heart of the strip to find easy parking. My grief, and reason to take the time to write a review? The staff always seems the same- not very happy to see me. Met a friend for coffee. Walked in at 8:30- only a couple of seated patrons. My friend got a pastry, I got a cappuccino. Drink was delivered a few quick moments later and it was beautiful. But- no spoon. Sorry folks, anyone who drinks cappuccino knows that the spoonful of foam at the end is the best part. Then realized we didn't have napkins . Self-sufficient, I went looking. When I found none, went to the bar and asked the girl making coffees where I might find napkins.I swear I saw the hint of a scowl. Hahaha- not even kidding! She gave me a handful of napkins without a word or smile, and turned away. I'm not needy, yet I do enjoy a friendly smile and the feeling that I'm welcome in your place. I have a handful of Italian friends- hospitality is the keystone in their homes. Obviously there's a lot you're doing right because you've got a good reputation. Remember I said I really wanted to like you?  So many places in the city to get a good start to my day. Unfortunately your staff just aren't dishing out what I need.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Went with my family to see Metallica in concert in Pittsburg and we happened to stay in " The Strip" and we picked DiAnoia\'s as our big family dinner night. We were a party of 8 and they take reservations. We asked if they would call if something opened earlier and they did. First their staff was helpful on all levels. Very professional anf courteous. You can look at the pictures of the food and they always say a picture is a million words. It tastes far better than it looks and it looks great. Great wine selection for those interested. It was a great family experience.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Stopped in for lunch, and was very happy with what I ordered today. The Caprese Panini was awesome. Super fresh homemade bread, high quality burrata cheese, fresh tomato & arugula; oh, and pine nuts! I definitely had some leftovers. Hannah, the bartender/barista took my order and was super attentive & awesome!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food is delicious, probably one of the best meals we had while in Pittsburgh. Reservations weren't available in the evening so we stopped in for lunch on a Tuesday around 1. It was still fairly busy but there were plenty of tables available, you can also eat at the counter that overlooks the bar area. Our food did take about 30 minutes to come out but it was absolutely delicious. The pasta is fresh and the meatballs were perfectly seasoned. The bread on the meatball sandwich was perfection, light, fluffy and not drowning in sauce. Definitely try this place if you're on the area!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We ordered many dishes to share and it was great to experience different pasta dishes. There's something so comforting about fresh pasta cooked to al dente with so many different sauces and tasty vegetables. The fusili is probably my favorite because I love a nice firm bite. We had to take some food home because it was very filling and the portions are nice and generous. You'll be going home happy with a full stomach and blissful food coma.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Was so excited to visit home and be able to try this restaurant out. Everything is as big as your head style which is in true Italian fashion. We loved the bread, chopped salad and the gnocchi. The gnocchi were HUGE and super tender. And oh by the way, they have a great Italian wine selection. Definitely recommend trying if you're in the strip!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Visited DiAnoia's for a dinner with friends and it was one of our favorites! The restaurant is beautiful. There are amazing details -- wine glass chandeliers, beautiful artwork, and it felt like I had been transported to Italy. I ordered the Gnocchi Sorrentina Bread Bowl and WOW it was one of my favorite things I have eaten. The gnocchi is delicious, the sauce is so flavorful, the dough was a perfect texture. This quickly became one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. I can't wait to go back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Finally made it to this delicious Italian spot in the burgh even though I have driven past this location on numerous occasions.  My friend and I got a table outside which was great. The downside was that we didn't get drinks or our app for 45 min-an hour after being there. Dinner took 2 hours. This was honestly the longest service I have had to wait for in a long long time. Staff was friendly but it was just very slow. The app was good but nothing I would want again. (After looking at other photos we never got the ricotta with our bread, bummer) .I will say the pasta was definitely some of the best I have ever had hands down. That was their saving grace for sure and I'd give it another chance because we both were amazed by how delicious the dinner was. Hopefully next time we don't have to sit and wait as long.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious meatballs. The panini sandwiches are great. Indoor dining now but can still eat outside. The absolute best lemon Italian cookies. Love going there for lunch.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food wasn't all the great. Cacio e Pepe was underwhelming. Caesar salad was decent but wish the kale was more massaged. The tiramisu was not good. Service was bad and food came out slow", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Beware: you will enter into a food coma but it will be the best experience ever!  So hard to choose every time I'm here.  All pasta is homemade and cooked to perfection.  Highly recommend all of the sides (especially roasted cauliflower) and thebwibter Caprese salad. Cocktails are boozy but authentically Italian.  Decent wine list.  Recommend the espresso martini while enjoying an order of tiramisu (pro tip: get a shot if Bailey's and pour over top of the tiramiau and enjoy!)Service here is bar none.  Nami and the team are friendly and attentive.  Only downside is the bar is small so get there early!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Dianoias is the best. Amazing food, great waiters, great ownership (based on how the restaurant is run and their diligence throughout Covid to keep their staff and customers safe) and affordable.Their handmade pasta is unmatched and their taste pairings within their plates are so unique but always subtle enough to not be overwhelming. I would be remiss to say that their wine pairings are also amazing. While you will need to make a reservation a few weeks in advance, the wait is well worth it. I am always excited to return and am never disappointed.I've been so many times that I keep adding pictures and adding to this review. The most recent pictures are from the Valentine's Day dinner - it was awesome. We really enjoyed the meal and was really happy to get a 7:30 reservation just two or so days prior!! Thank you! The espresso martini was great. The lemon pasta was so delicious and light and so were the scallops. Everything was great. Also worth noting that it is BYOB with a $14 (?) uncorking fee.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The best Italian restaurant I've had so far in Pittsburgh and I can see why so many people rave about it! The pastas brought me back to as if I was eating in Italy. The pastas were cooked perfectly. The dining experience is lovely and had a great wine selection.My personal favorites were the fresh bread with ricotta and gnocchi with meatballs!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Cute little place on a corner in the Strip District. Went in on a Thursday night and snagged 2 seats at the bar. It is difficult to get reservations but don't get discouraged. Try just walking in.Started with Rose Prosecco, crisp and refreshing. They are on top of Gluten Free dining. My friend and I split beans and greens and one of their signature pastas made gluten free. Sooo good!! It was way enough food for 2 of us. The beans and greens have an incredible sauce to dip bread in. Bring your own GF bread , you'll be glad you did!! Signature cocktails with Mezcal and Tequila looked amazing!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We haven't been here since covid and had been dying to come back. The food is as delicious as it has always been. We came at lunch. They are now back to seating you for lunch. You take a menu to the table, pick what you want and go up to the dessert counter to order. My mom and godson got the cacio e Pepe (cheesey spaghetti with pepper), which was pure magic ooey gooey goodness. So flavorful and creamy! My husband and I got meatball sandwiches. The meatballs are huge and so tender, moist and delicious. The bread is so fresh and crispy. My husband is hard on meatballs and bread coming from an Italian Family and he loved them both. So good!We got some desserts to take up to my cousins house in OH. They have a great selection of all different types of desserts. We've had the chocolate chip cookies and know how good they are. Looking forward to trying the rest.  By far, the best Italian in Pittsburgh. Check it out.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This was our second time at dianoia'sWe love it here, service was great and the food was even better", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Although its overall footprint is compact, DiAnoia's feels much larger and multifaceted than it is thanks to action in several different areas, whether a main hall that includes a bakery and bar, a dining room to the right, plus additional dining space outside in the warmer months. I was lucky enough to snag a table by virtue of arriving early enough in the evening and promptly enjoyed an excess of carbs. I couldn't resist the gnocchi pumpkin bowl - not only for the pasta, but also for the novelty and photo-worthiness of eating it all out of a small pumpkin. Indeed, there was a tremendous and satisfying pumpkin taste to it all, even though the interior was full of potato gnocchi, mozzarella, pecorino romano, and cream. When combined with a couple of fizzy cocktails, these were several thousand calories worth adding to my oversized waistline.Service was super friendly and explanatory, plus the crowd here was also social and convivial. A solid, lively bet for dinner here in the Strip District!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "dinner here is fantastic. fresh and homemade pastas. get the bread appetizer. you can't go wrong though, we ordered most of the menu in a large group and shared it all. it was stellar.switching gears, lunch was okay and a bit of a let down after such epic dinners. the menu is reduced to just a few select items. three stars for lunch, 5 stars for dinner!ambience is great no matter what, though. great wine and cocktail programs.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Waited for the holidays to have an excuse to come here and absolutely indulge. I had seen video after video, story after story of the famous gnocchi bread bowl. I am happy to report that it absolutely lived up to the hype.My friend and I came here for a celebration dinner and it was the perfect place. We started with the whipped ricotta appetizer. It was so deliciously creamy and the olive oil was very high quality. For drinks, I tried the aperol spritz, and it was really nicely refreshing, although maybe not the best choice for winter. Then the star of the show: the gnocchi bowl. They were so pillowy and soft. The sauce and bread bowl itself were great too. I added some veal to it, and that put it over the top. My friend ordered the sugo de cinghale, and this was delicious too, the rosemary comes through perfectly. Overall amazing experience, I can't wait to go back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Hands down my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh! Everything is "home" made and delicious. You really can\'t go wrong.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've yet to try their dinner menu, but after continuously coming for their brunch and lunch, I can say Diannoias has some of my favorite sandwiches and brunch options in Pittsburgh! The place is beautiful to go to especially on a sunny day when they open up the garage doors. During lunch, you order at the counter and seat yourself which is a nice stress free way of service. As for brunch, they've always had super nice staff. The Italian sandwich is literally amazing, not too soggy but seasoned perfectly. The fresh lettuce and tomato as long as the beautiful deli meat make this sandwich an A+. My friend got the veal Parmesan and loved that as well. The eggs Benedict is my favorite brunch option, probably one of the best eggs Benedict I've ever had. The English muffin is perfect, as well as the creamed spinach. The egg was poached perfectly, and it's consecutive too as I've ordered this dish multiple times and it has never disappointed. Last but NOT LEAST, oh the zeppoles. When I say I can eat these all day long, I mean it. They're lemony and delicious and melt in your mouth with the powdered sugar. My friend and I couldn't get enough. I recently tried the breakfast pizza, it's amazing especially for the price. For further review and more pictures, check out @gbennieats on Instagram!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fabulous food, excellent service; we highly recommend DiAnoia's restaurant, must have a reservation!!!", 'review_rating': None}]