Information about Gaucho Parrilla Argentina{"businesses": [{"id": "u4sTiCzVeIHZY8OlaL346Q", "alias": "gaucho-parrilla-argentina-pittsburgh", "name": "Gaucho Parrilla Argentina", "image_url": "https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/FKzxvKXeppW50_twvONw6w/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/gaucho-parrilla-argentina-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 2496, "categories": [{"alias": "argentine", "title": "Argentine"}], "rating": 4.5, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.442785, "longitude": -80.002491}, "transactions": ["delivery"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "146 Sixth St", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15222", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["146 Sixth St", "Pittsburgh, PA 15222"]}, "phone": "+14127096622", "display_phone": "(412) 709-6622", "distance": 3593.719701518384}], "total": 2, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Rosemary Braised Beef Sandwich,Steak Sandwich,Flank Steak,Carne Sandwich,Asado Platter Ribeye,Steak Plate,Skirt Steak,Spicy Chorizo Sandwich,Steak Burger,Provoletta,El Gaucho Salad,Ribeye Steak,Filet Mignon Sandwich,Chicken Sandwich,Rib Eye Sandwich,Ny Strip Steak,Beef Empanadas,
[{'review_text': "Super delicious and the service it's excellent, dusty are the best, all the food it's on point and the desserts omg, insane, when come back to Pittsburgh definitely we back love it", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is awesome! We walked in and they were able to fit us. There were no available reservations for at least one week. Thank goodness it was only two of us and we were able to find a table. We did go around 2 PM which is low pick hours. Either way this place is tasty.We started with a picture of sangria, which was perfectly made with the right amount of sweetness! We start with empanadas, which were not greasy, even though they were fried, and had a very good flavor.I ordered the salad with the shredded beef, this came with a lot of toppings, including grilled onions, roasted corn, grilled asparagus and avocado, which was a nice blend. The chimichurri was also very well-made. My husband really liked his churrasco dish. The toast was a good side and so was the salad. We finished with flan for dessert. This came with a topping of caramelized almond slices. It was decadent! I highly recommend if you are in the Pittsburgh area to come here as well as make a reservation ahead of time. The restaurant is very big, however, it serves as a lot of people with a large kitchen and great staff. The service was definitely on point.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited on a Saturday for lunch by myself. The restaurant was full, though I had I had a reservation. I did book my reservation the night before and there were only three available reservations left, even for a table of one so make sure you get your reservations earlier especially if you have a group. I had been wanting to try guacho for about three years but was never able to get a reservation/table as a walk in so glad I was finally able to try it.I ordered the carne with the salad and the sangria  the sangria was not good and I would not recommend at all. It tasted like a simple red wine and there was an orange slice on the glass but no other fruits/flavors, though it might be different if I ordered the pitcher. The waiter brought me out the aliens exist drink and it was great, though at $16 for not a lot of drink (think huge ice cube) is pretty expensive. The carne sandwich was good. The meat was perfectly flavored and perfectly cooked in ciabatta bread that was the perfect combination of crunchy and soft. The salad was mediocre at best though I'm sure no one visits for the salad. My waiter was great, even though he was busy he was still available to answer questions and brought me a different drink when I didn't like the sangria. I live out of town, so not sure I would stop by again if I were back in the city but was definitely a good stop and glad I could finally try guacho after wanting to try it for the last couple of years.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We didn't actually eat here. We came as walk-ins. We were excited as we saw that the restaurant looked pretty empty from the outdoors. When we met the hostess, we were told that there was an hour and a half wait! When I asked about sitting at the bar, the hostess told us it was not about how full the tables/restaurants were (maybe 3 tables had people sitting in them). We didn't go upstairs so maybe it was more full. It was that they didn't want to overwhelm the kitchen staff- which I can totally appreciate. We were hoping it would be shorter than an hour and a half. Two hours later, we still hadn't heard from them. I'm glad we decided to eat somewhere else. Please note: If you have your heart set on this place, it sounds like reservations are a must.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This spot is a little overhyped in my opinion. First of all, I got the NY strip steak. It was juicy and nicely medium rare. However it was a bit too charred for my liking as it was very bitter and it almost covered the taste of meat. I also thought that was a little small and not worth $45. The meat for the carne sandwich was a lot more well done and not as juicy as the steak. On top of that, the bread was really hard. It had some onions and bell pepper in the sandwich but overall I felt like the mixture of the ingredients did not compliment each other well and the experience fell short.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Me and a girlfriend came here to celebrate and didn't have a reservation on a Tuesday night but were able to snag a table within 5-10 mins. Very cool place, you can smell the smoke from them grilling their meats which made me so hungry. Our server was so cute and helpful. We ordered a Malbec, and I got the steak and asked to some sauce to dip my potatoes in and the server recommended a few. I ended up picking two that were delicious! The only thing I would say is I would've liked if the server would've told me the cost or that there was an up charge for the sauce. They came in 2oz ramekins but ended up being 2$ EACH. I was like Whoah, that would've been nice to know but oh well I took them with me and my leftovers which were still good the next day. But overall it was a cool atmosphere and good food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My family and I visited this place as we were touring downtown Pittsburgh and had a plan of trying different foods outside of our comfort zone back in California. We came across this Argentinian place and their paella immediately stood out to me so we had to order the shareable plate. I definitely enjoyed it the most out of all our orders as I love seafood and their seasoning was perfect. Although I was shocked at how small the meat of the mussels and clams were compared to when I go out to eat seafood boil. We also ordered the 16oz ribeye and roasted papas which paired with each other really well. The ribeye was super juicy and meaty so props to how they cooked it. The potatoes were soft and slightly seasoned which I preferred since everything else had a savory taste to it. We also ordered the quiqui wings for appetizers which had a great grilled taste to it. The el gaucho salad was also delicious addition to the meal.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great ambiance and delicious meat. I was really excited to try the paella and it was yummy, but a bit too salty. Good wine selection and service. I recommend making a reservation ahead of time. Overall a great place for a date night or to celebrate a special occasion.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If in Pittsburgh this is a must. Passing through for business but I will definitely come back when I'm in town.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Stopped in for a drink, everyone was really kind. I would go here if you want good atmosphere and friendly staff.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We had reservations and were seated right away, upstairs. Our waiter was knowledgeable but a little cocky, so at times i wasn't sure if he was joking or being serious hahaHe recommended some drinks which we both disliked, but honestly not his fault that he doesn't know our tastebuds and is just going off what's most ordered.We split a ROSEMARY BRAISED BEEF sandwich. I felt like it was a little one note, the rosemary came through which I was super happy about but felt like it could have used a little salt. We had a side of the roasted carrots which were awesome, highly recommend. We also ordered the provoletta, which was very good with the bread that came with it. If you're a cheese fan, I think you'd like this one.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came to celebrate my birthday here as it was top rated. Wanted to try the paella but they took it off the menu. I had their house cut steak. It was tender. Also, tried their empanadas and provoletta for apps. Didn't really care for them. The sangria was the best thing I got. I suggest to make a reservation if you want to try this place out as I don't think it would be worth the wait without one.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Gaucho is always worth it. The venue is gorgeous and i always use this as a treat myself meal. This is some of the best steak in the city. I would dine here over a traditional steakhouse any day. Not only is the food fantastic, the service is always great. I always leave here feeling happy and full!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I am very happy that gaucho is once again open for lunch, reminding me the early days when I only knew it as a lunch spotThe rosemary, braised beef sandwich is one of my favorites, and it is great to see it back on the menu once again The service here is always been great, and I appreciate the wide selection of meats on the menu Indoor and outdoor seating, multiple levels within the restaurant is still hard to get a dinner reservation You can smell the smoky aroma as you come through the door, great bar area as well', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had this place bookmarked. One and done for us. Very disappointed after reading all the rave reviews. Must preface it by saying that we eat amazing food in NYC. The $95 for Patridillada Mixta (mixed grill for two), the portions were measly and definitely not worth the hefty price tag. Wish we had gone somewhere else. On a positive note, our server was great!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Finally got the chance to try their new location. This place did not disappoint. Quality of food is still as good as when they were at the Strip. What surprised me the most is the dessert. They're so light and flavorful. Specifically the Tres Leches. Not over sweet and yet you'll be able to taste the smoky caramel flavor.Service is a lil slow but I think it's worth the wait.Tip: Always make reservation before you go. Otherwise get ready to wait for a table.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Low key think Gaucho is overhyped. The food isn't bad, but not wasn't as good as I expected and definitely not worth $90 for the [Parrillada Mixta]. It's the price of upscale dining but food and environment isn't really there yet.The restaurant is fairly big, with two floors of seating and is always pretty busy. Remember to book a reservation in advance, walk-ins are hard. Service was not great and I rarely say this in a review. However, a disclaimer is I am writing this review in retrospect and am not sure if the staff and manager I ran into still work there. The hostess was quite rude. She kept chatting with the people in front of us, which is fine, but when it was our turn to check-in, she said we were 5 min late (we weren't, we were simply in line) and said we are lucky they are still letting us eat here. My friend stepped out to take a call and the hostess wouldn't let him back in, saying he was trying to sneak in without a reservation. We told the manager, who didn't really apologize and was trying to say it's not their fault they are so popular...server was great though! Literally only person that made our meal enjoyable. Would've given one star but they gave us free dessert that was really good so I feel bad. Drinks were also a lot better than the food. I liked the [Cafe Gaucho Con Espresso], not worth the $17 but I don't see coffee based cocktails that often on menus and it was just what I was craving that day.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'It just gets better and better! We had a fantastic server-Daniel! We ordered steak sandwiches. I swear they were at our table-perfectly prepared before we finished ordering them! SO good. We were going to the theater afterward and we had plenty of time to enjoy our sandwiches before heading out. My friend who I was with told me she wanted to move in-she loved it so much!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'One of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh. Definitely recommend a reservation but we were able to grab a spot for two at the bar. The service was still top notch. I had the roast chicken which was so tender and delicious. I also had their version of an espresso martini and the apple margarita.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'When you only have one night in Pittsburg, Gauchos is worth planning ahead for. We made reservations for a Saturday a week ahead, and we were glad we did as they were not even seating for walk ins. On a cold, rainy night, the restaurant was particularly inviting. The interior is warmly lite, wood and brick, with an open kitchen. We sat on the second floor, partly open as a balcony. The menu is not overwhelming, focused of course, on the steaks. We started with the charcuterie board, much better than average, though maybe a bit too much bread. Each steak comes with a salad, grilled bread, and chimichurrie (which I love with a steak). Ours were each cooked correctly to order and were just really great steaks. The salad was not a side thought, and was nice to have as a light side to balance with the steak. Rounding out the experience was fantastic service from Devon, who went above to give us a good night. Highly recommend if you are in the city.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Started the night off with a charcuterie board, and the flavors where great but it was small and ratios of cheese to meat to crackers did not match up. Ordered the PARRILLADA MIXTA and I was not expecting the chicken to be anything special but it was the best chicken I have ever had! On the other hand I found the steak underwhelming. The lamb was cooked perfect. This was huge and for all the food it came with a great bargain! Could feed 4 people if you get an app as well. Also ordered the CHUPIN DE MARISCOS. The flavoring of the rice was so rich, but I found the seafood to just be ok. Also one of the clams did come full of sand. Not a big deal, it happens with seafood but something that could have been caught before it was brought out to us. The wait staff were polite and attentive. It was really cool to see the chefs cooking the food from our seats! If you are looking for a fun restaurant to go with a group and get a tasting of everything, I would def recommend ordering the shareable dishes!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Stopped here with a group in town for a convention and couldn\'t have been more pleased. From the delicious food to the attentive and pleasant server, the experience was great. We opted to get the two large platters and share everything. It was more than enough food for the 4 of us at the table. When I\'m back in town I\'ll definitely "Eat Gaucho"!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Most unregrettable chicken dish I had in a while. I was genuinely surprised at the amount of meat I got. The chimichurri on top of the chicken and the rice was so good. Very flavourful yellow rice as well! The only downside is that I just wish I got more chimichurri--perhaps, I should've asked for more on the side.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place has melt in your mouth steaks and delicious sauces as well. It's our go-to steakhouse when we are looking for family style dining experiences, which we do frequently (who wants to just eat one dish?!). Be sure to request first floor during the Summer since the second floor of the building can get hot. Awesome place!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The wood fire grilled EVERYTHING was very good. All the drinks were delicious and not too strong. We had the picada,  "Pick Plate" as an appetizer and the contrasting flavors and textures were a perfect start. Wife had the carne sandwich which was extremely tasty. My wife had the carne sandwich which was perfectly cooked and bursting with flavors! I had the bolo which is a pasta dish that looks great on paper but was somewhat underwhelming. The service was exceptional and it was a very comfortable setting with great music.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is without a doubt one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh. I've taken many friends here, and it is an A+ experience every time. Recently, I've been ordering the Parrillada Mixta board, which is perfect for sharing. It comes with steak, shrimp, red pepper, chorizo, caramelized onions, bread, and their 4 house sauces. It's all delicious, and each sauce pairs well with a different item. The drinks are also fun. In my last visit, I got the Cafe Gaucho. It's a great spiked coffee drink. My fiancé has consistently gotten the wines there, and she has always been impressed as well.In addition to the stellar food, the staff are kind, the two-story building is cool, and the art inside adds nice style. I strongly recommend Gaucho.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love Gaucho! My co-workers and I used to order to-go every so often when we worked downtown and they were in located in the Strip. It went from this small place on the corner to now a very nice, large space, still on the corner. I'm really happy for them and that they were able to expand. Their food is quality! This is the first time I've eaten here since they moved and my whole family and I were super pleased. For our apps we got empanadas, provoletta and a side of the corn. WOW! So good. The beef inside the empanada was so flavorful and tender. The provoletta was salty and cheesy and savory, I loved it. But the corn was my favorite. It was cooked just right and the sauce on it was the best. For our entrees my family ordered salads with flank steak, the carne sandwich, the vacio and the asado platter. Two sides of vegetables. Literally every single dish was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly. It was tender and juicy and tasted really great. I loved the vegetables, especially the red pepper. And the sauces are always perfect. You can tell Gaucho cares about the quality of their food and the way they treat people. The service was great! I will definitely be back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Incredible. Getting a reservation here is tough but worth the wait. Great steak and loved the sangria.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This was my first restaurant I tried in Pittsburgh. The food here was very interesting. I ordered the camarones and they were excellent. I paired them  with chimmi-churri sauce. The grilled broccolini was amazing. It had a wonderfully grilled flavor. The NY strip had a good taste but it was not very tender and not worth the $50 price tag. It came with a side salad that was fresh. I would definitely go back during happy hour times and get 1/2 off the apps at the bar only.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Our server was phenomenal here!He had everything memorized and explained the specials perfectly!We were seated and instantly checked on, and the service was great throughout, consistent but not annoying! And they ask before they give you th spill, which I thought was nice!The food, that is another amazing thing we experienced here! We had 3 appetizers, including Empanadas, chorizo, and the Chili churri sauces! Everyone agreed they were amazing!I ordered the Vacío (and i don't eat steak often, so it's always a treat) and it was perfect! Already sliced for me (as is the style I'm south America from my experience.)And finally we had the whiskey cocktail, and flan for dessert, both were amazing as well!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wouldn't allow seating at 9:15PM at night. Wouldn't allow takeout either. Small restaurant.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We had our last dinner in Pittsburgh at the wonderful Gaucho Parrilla Argentina (downtown 6th St.). We started with drinks and a snack of fugazza, which reminds me of a Sicilian Focaccia-like pizza. Dan ordered the entree of Arracherra - Flank beef, wood grilled, sliced and served with chimmi-churri, La Casa salad & toast - and I ordered Milanesas de pollo- Chicken Cutlet, Hand breaded, pan fried, with dressed arugula, sunny side egg and toast. We shared dessert of orange tiramisu. I ate at Gaucho's Strip District location for the first time 6 or 7 years ago and it is always soooo good! (Get the paella if you have an hour to kill).", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Would not allow seating at 45 min to close, that would be fine but they were rude about it. As we were leaving we circled back to see if takeout was a option, "ummm, we won\'t be doing that either."  It\'s the attitudes, I would have love to have tried out this spot, but we were never rude and just met with attitude.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious food. Welcoming atmosphere. Quick & efficient service. Server was incredibly personable and helped us pick out some dishes, as it was our first time here.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Been doing these videos around Pittsburgh for about a year now. Gaucho has been recommended to me a handful of times. So glad I went. Watch to see my experience', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Gaucho Parrilla Argentina was highly raved about online with the thousands of reviews that we had to give it a shot. We walked in without a reservation and was seated in the best area, top floor in a semi-secluded area with a few tables and a fireplace. We were also right by the window with an ok view of downtown, but nonetheless it felt like the best seats in the house.Our waitress was super kind and helpful. I feel like I had a real authentic feel of the food that we were about to receive. We ordered the empanadas which weren't too bad, but the sauce was what took it over the edge. Although, the price was unreasonable as we paid $13 for only two empanadas. We also ordered these roasted papas sides which didn't have much flavor to it. For the steak, we ordered the flank steak and sirloin steak. We were told this would have less of the fat in it, which it did. My steak wasn't too bad. The bread and salad had a nice touch to it. My friends' steak was made well done instead of medium well. It also was extremely salty. Overall, it was an ok food experience, while the food and service was still good. Maybe we just ordered the wrong thing and our food wasn't cooked as well as it could've, but I'd still be willing to give it a chance in the future and try something new!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Was largely unimpressed after reading multiple reviews from this place. Got the Argentina salad with chicken to go and there was maybe 2 slivers of chicken in the salad bowl. The shrimp was very oily and not seasoned very well. Also 22 dollars for a shrimp appetizer is a bit insane. Wouldn't go back here unfortunately. Service was also a bit strange when I called and asked about online take out she told me someone didn't turn it on and may not get to it so just call back? It was odd", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "university nostalgia food tour ~unfortunately, i have to say that this gaucho is not the same gaucho i remember :(this restaurant is still busy as ever; we came in around 5:30pm on saturday and put our name down for a 2 hr wait. this was fine by us since we wanted to dine around then (there was no reservation available for that time).did the menu change? i remember sauces used to be self-serve and free of charge. it now costs extra to receive a flight of dipping sauces :/the steak was a bit cold and difficult to chew, and the sides seem to have changed as well. i'm pretty sure there used to be grilled onions and mushrooms which tied the meal together- felt that something was missing this time.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Maybe it's just me but this place is really hyped up. Maybe we have been spoiled?! We are big foodies and eat at a lot of places, all over. The chorizo/sausage was our favorite. The steak and chicken were average. I just thought it was quite pricey for what you get. I would pass on the corn pudding, it was just bland. The service was kinda just average, she never refilled our water or asked how everything was. The meat was flavorful and quality, I just wouldn't drop over $100 on ONE dish again, not to sound cheap, but we couldn't justify the price for what you get. Hopefully this doesn't sound rude, I don't normally leave negative reviews.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great food. There's nothing quite like indulging in a delicious meal that satisfies both your taste buds and your soul. From the first bite to the last, great food has the power to transport you to a world of flavors and sensations that leave you craving for more.Whether it's a hearty homemade dish or an exquisite creation from a renowned chef, great food has the ability to bring people together. It turns an ordinary gathering into a memorable feast, where laughter and joy are shared around the table. The aroma fills the air, teasing your senses and building anticipation for the delightful flavors that await.Great food possesses an inherent ability to evoke memories and emotions. It can remind you of childhood comfort, as the taste of your grandmother's secret recipe floods your senses. It can transport you to distant lands, as exotic spices ignite your taste buds, taking you on a culinary adventure. Each bite tells a story, connecting you to cultures, traditions, and the artistry of those who create it.The beauty of great food lies not only in its taste but also in the passion and dedication that go into its preparation. It is the result of the careful selection of ingredients, the skillful techniques, and the love poured into each plate. Great food is a masterpiece, a work of art", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Things have to be really, really bad for me to consider leaving a bad review somewhere, but the experience my group of 8 had trying to get seated today was worse than anything I've experienced at a restaurant. The host/manager(?) - an older guy with a white beard - was the coldest, rudest, most dismissive person I've interacted with at a restaurant. I understand seating 8 can sometimes be tricky, but usually restaurants will move a table or add a chair to at least try to make it work. Also, this was at 1pm the day after thanksgiving so it wasn't particularly busy. This guy was so uninterested/inconvenienced in trying to make it work and just made us feel very unwelcome. Some people in our group really wanted to eat here so we went to the bar area which was 90% empty. After talking to the bartender - who was great - we asked if we could slide 3 of the bar tables together and he was totally fine with it. But then the host/manager guy came over and shut it down. He was so short with us and his demeanor was so cold it was unsettling. Kind of crazy he works in a customer facing (or people facing) role at all. Even though one employee doesn't define a whole restaurant/business, it was such a weird, uncomfortable experience I have zero interest in returning. (We left and went to Bakersfield and had a great - essentially polar-opposite experience).", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food was amazing!!! The platter was great to share, we split it between 2-3 people with one having there own entree and still had some to take home. The steak was delicious and so were the vegetables but the best part was all the chimmi-churris it came with. We also got the provoletta appetizer which was great for sharing and tasted fantastic. We also got the empanadas in a mix of all three types and they were all amazing but definitely a little filling so great to share (we had a group of 5). Finally the torta tres leches cake was so amazing and I would definitely recommend!!! Service was very good but one order did get a little mixed up but they were quick to fix it and very nice however our waiter would occasionally get a little exasperated/sarcastic and we couldn't tell if I he was joking sometimes or being a little rude but the rest of the time was nice.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Interesting place. Overall good vibe. Great location. Drinks were very tasty. They have a Rooftop. However, we were shocked to find the rooftop completely empty on a beautiful day! Also- the downfall about the rooftop is that they don't actually serve food up there. You have to get takeout and just take it to the roof to eat it. This is odd, but I'm glad its an option. Pittsburgh doesn't have a lot of rooftop options so it's a nice little spot. Our food was okay. The drinks were very very good tho! We stayed on the rooftop for a while and had the most lovely evening. Giving 4 stars because the appetizers we ordered were mediocre. I'd definitely give it another try though!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went for happy hour before the theater this evening. I didn't have a lot of time so I sat at the upstairs bar and with the suggestion of the bartender, ordered an app. Well actually I ordered the charcuterie and she suggested I do the chorizo as well since they were half off during happy hour. The draft selection was not good, but drafts were $2 off so there's that. The apps came quickly and were delicious. I have to say the chorizo was my favorite, but I'm a sucker for charcuterie as well. Both came with bread. I was able to eat and leave before the rest of my group arrived. I had a very positive experience this evening.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Lucked out in getting a table while I visited Pittsburgh. Called weeks in advance but they were totally booked up. Placed my name on a waitlist and got a spot. Really enjoyed the interior and the food was good. The side sauces were fantastic. Only downside the service wasn't great which is why they lost a star. Our girl didn't explain anything - we had no clue what sauce was what. The table next to us had a much better server. We overheard him explaining the sauces, but sadly by that time we were wrapping up. Had the service been better, the experience would have been 10/10. Overall really awesome - margaritas were amazing and empanadas are a must to order. We grabbed veggie and loved them!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh for steak! The prices are extremely fair for what you are receiving and the portion sizes are massive! I highly recommend starting out with the shrimp and their flatbread, and then trying a variety of their steaks. You can't go wrong with any of their cuts but the ribeye really is fantastic! You have to make a reservation a month out so be sure to check Resy early for when they open up reservations!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Stopped her for drinks and appetizers. Service was good.  The first order of empanadas was burned and we sent them back.  The waitress was great, not an issue. They have a roof top bar.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place has been recommended to me for years and I finally got around to trying it out. Upon arrival, we immediately noticed how packed this place was! This was obviously a good sign and it made me more excited for my imminent dining experience.Onto the food! We decided to go all out as coming here was a treat in itself! We started with the Empanadas-- one chicken and one beef, and the Provoleta. The crispy flaky dough was stuffed generously with tender and flavorful meat. The crumbly chorizo was jam packed with flavor. The ooey gooey provolone cheese that is the Provoleta was heavenly and warmed my insides with love and deliciousness. The tomato garnish on top paired perfectly with the mild cheese. The bread that was served alongside was a bit burnt and hard though. For our entrees, we ordered the Flank Steak, Gaucho Cheese Steak, and the Paella de Mariscos. The tender Flank Steak was seasoned incredibly, and dipping it in the chimichurri was an amazing flavor combination. The Cheese Steak sandwich consisted of thinly cut beef lathered in cheese. I do wish it did have more spice or flavor, but nonetheless it was delectable. The Paella de Mariscos was a huge hit across the table. The savory blend of different seafoods transported me to an oceanside restaurant in Valencia. Also, the rice had a light smokey and tomatoey flavor that complimented the chorizo. We ordered it thinking we would have leftovers but not even a morsel of rice was left in that giant pan after we absolutely devoured it! All in all, this was a memorable dining experience. I do wish that the menu did not rotate as often though as I was excited to try recommendations that were not featured anymore. I would recommend wearing your stretchy pants as we left here super full since the portions are generously large. And definitely try out a meat themed entree when you come here and you will not be disappointed!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I think I was full for a whole day after this amazing food. This was my first time in Pittsburgh and we were starving. When we saw the slow line forming outside I pulled up the reviews and knew we had to try it. *Sidebar... why is almost everyone In Pittsburgh so rude? I mean nasty rude. This guy was standing in front of the door blocking everyone from coming in & when someone asked him to move up a little he said "I was outside for 5 minutes you\'ll be fine" ughAnyway my only hiccup with this place was the hostess. He tried to skip us once & then asked how many were in our party & told us to stand over by the bar & we would be seated in 5 minutes. 15 minutes later I asked where we were in line & he never bothered to take our name down & had basically forgotten us. But he didn\'t forget the people he tried to skip over us for. Our waitress was AMAZING!! I cannot believe I forgot her name but I am going to update it when I figure it out. She recommended the flank with the chimi churris. I added mushrooms & bleu cheese... it was AMAZING!!!! Cooked to perfection!! And full of flavor. I ended up activating my inner greedy girl and requested more chimichurri. We also had papas which can be hit or miss with me but these were amazing. They were not dry at all and had a very flavorful aioli on them.If I ever visit Pittsburgh again I will be back. Oh wait!!! We had orange tiramisu for dessert..... chef\'s kiss!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Gaucho Parrilla is a tough table to land! We booked our reservation a month in advance and were shocked that it was so booked out. The moment we bit into our first empanada, we understood why - the food really is fantastic.Lucky for us, our reservation overlapped with happy hour (which is a great deal - half off the small plates), so we got to try the beef and the chorizo empanadas ($6 during HH) and camerones ($9 during HH) for a steal - and both were super delicious! The timing of the shrimps was perfect and the pimenton chimichurri it was served with had the perfect amount of acidity and heat.The two of us also sprang for the $85 asado platter, which was a lot of food! Our favorites were the lomo (which I think was filet mignon - it literally melted in our mouths), and the flank steak, which had the perfect balance of tenderness and rich beefy flavor - but all of the cuts were incredible. We passed a lot of cows on the way out to Pittsburgh, and all I can say is that if Gaucho sources their meat locally, I only want to eat cows from around Pittsburgh from now on. The asado platter also comes with all of the chimichurris, which we really enjoyed sampling.Service was friendly and attentive, and our dishes came out at a good pace. The only item we weren't crazy about was the alfajore, which was good but not spectacular. No question - I'd be sure to book a reservation for Gaucho next time I find myself out in Pittsburgh!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We made a rsvp online. The chimicurri sauce tasted good too. Great steaks! Vacio sirloin steak Arracherra flank steak Chuleta de cerdo pork chop Humita', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "First time here. We absolutely enjoyed everything we ordered. Food was delicious and flavorful. Presentation was great. Service was as great as it could be considering how busy they were when we were there (dinner rush). I will definitely recommend this place if you're ever in Pittsburgh.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food and service is great and the atmosphere is chill and great for a nice dinner out.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Love love love!!! Been going for years. Miss the old place vibe but food still amazing.We love everything on the menu & never disappoints Always one of the places we take visitors Highly recommended', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love Gaucho! We've come on several different occasions and the food is always excellent! The atmosphere is great as well and the staff is attentive and friendly. The upstairs is lovely when they have the fire place on. The cocktail menu is always great and changes seasonally. The meat is fantastic as always. Some highlights: the corn pudding and empanadas are excellent! Always love coming back to this spot. And love that it's right downtown!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We all love the Ciabatta toast with different kinds of flavors of Chimmis, the beef is tender and juicy and the bitterness after being wood grilled is gently balanced by Chimmi.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Awesome atmosphere and good food. Larry was a phenomenal server! We went for lunch awhile back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food was amazing and huge portions.  I had one of the salads with steak and it was all I could do to finish it.  My wife loved the sandwich and could hardly eat half it was so big.  Additionally, the cocktails were delicious, the place was packed but our service was still very fast.  We were in town for a wedding and if we make our way back we will definitely eat here again.  The atmosphere was definitely fun and it was interesting to look around.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've never written a review for Gaucho? It's a top five restaurant in Pittsburgh and should be treated with respect and reverence. It beats any steakhouse in the area out in both quality and especially cost. I can promise you a ribeye at Gaucho will taste twice as good and be twice less expensive than a ribeye at Morton's. And that's not even considering the sauces they have. The chimi and red sauce are world-class and I think about them quite often. It's not worth going into specifics because it's all phenomenal. There is no bad item on the menu.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Currently one of my top five places to go to in Charlotte for pastries and some savory treats. It's a small Hispanic Bakery that's a must try.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very fine people!   Incredible Grill.   Now, y'all know that the meat is what Gaucho is known for. I venture to say that the veggies are as good or better than the meats. Both out of the fuc-reakin world!   We had a butt load of great food. Beef empanadas 10/10Chorizo 10/10Veggies 10/10Papas 8/10Broccolini 7/10Steaks 8-9/10Pork 8/10Orange Tiramisu 9/10What a lovely place.  Can't wait to go back. One Love!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Seeing as this was my second night in a row, I would give it a 5 star easily! The food, staff and environment are phenomenal. I want to give credit to the bartender Brandon for his incredible hospitality and his service. It's refreshing to see people who care about their jobs in the food industry and are passionate about every drink they make. I'll be back tomorrow!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wish I could give zero stars.  Sarah... the manager... I will never be back after her actions.   My friends and I showed up just for 1 type of drink x's 5... and we were kicked out.   Never in my life have I been treated like this by a restaurant or a manager.   I have so many friends who frequent gaucho and will tell them NEVER TO GO BACK!  We were humiliated by this woman.  All because we told her we recognized her from her old restaurant she used to managed.  Please find a new manager.  I never want to be humiliated like that again.   We planned on spending a decent amount of money there and we were not even given a chance.  Go somewhere else and avoid this disaster !!!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food is good! Dont get me wrong. It likes up to the name and the hype - somewhat. The food is flavorful and well salted - at some portions a bit too salted. I got the rosemary braised beef sandwich and the meat was a bit rough. The sauce was incredible with the bread and that by itself is worth the cost. The meat was a bit dry which made the sandwich harder to stomach down so lots of water was needed. The other dish was the flank steak. The meat was incredibly tender. I would recommend this dish. It was so flavorful and melt in your mouth type of feeling. With the chimichurri sauce, it was great. The salad (side option) didnt do much for me. So looking back, I would definitely recommend getting the platter with the 5 steak choices. It seems that is their bread and butter here. Unfortunately, we were just a party of 2 and could not stomach down 5 steaks. Perhaps next time with more people. The reason why I knocked down 1 star is because the service is slow. It took about 40 minutes to get our food between appetizer and the main course. I think they were just backed up so much on a Saturday night, but that is a downfall nonetheless. Still would recommend this place though.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is amazing. Gus is the most friendly bartender in town. He makes sure you are welcome and it's always a joy to watch him make cocktails and smile even if we are weird lol. As long as he's there, I'll return again and again! I could legit come there in the worst mood and he finds a way to lift my spirits. He's a cool dude and a great maker of cocktails. He also brings a good vibe for days. If you ever stop there, be sure to try and sit by the bar and tell him Brandon sent you! #weneedmoregus", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I will always love Gaucho - but I really miss the old location. In the new(ish) Downtown location you wait and are seated rather than standing in line - that's a plus, but it also takes away from the anticipation and comradery the line gave you. They've recently streamlined their menu. This means that there's now just one size for the steaks. They also got rid of some starters I used to love (but I  know things change seasonally). Some great stuff -  I was there at 5:30 so apps were half priced for happy hour. I got the proveletta and camerones - both were delicious. I had the steak salad and my husband got the catch of the day. We loved both. The new side that our server really pushed -  broccolini -  was just ok.I ordered dessert for the 1st time and got the chocolate ganache - it is something I will now order regularly. Menu hack - I loved the steak salad that also came with grilled veggies. I mentioned it to my server and he said even though it wasn't on the menu they still make if people ask.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I have always wanted to try the food at Gaucho, but never had the chance until a few weeks ago. But finally had the chance and let me tell you, it lived up to the hype. We got there significantly before our reservation, but they were so kind and were able to get us seated (we were just going to walk around downtown since we were like 30 minutes early). The hostess and then our server were SO nice and super cheerful and helpful. The room was BUSY and a bit loud, so if you prefer a quiet meal, this is not your place. But let me tell you, the FOOD.The food was incredible. We ended up ordering the Parrillada Mixta, which was a mixed plate with steak, chicken, lamb chops, their "carmies" (caramelized onions), roasted red peppers, 4 pieces of grilled bread, and their 4 house sauces. We also got their charcuterie board appetizer, and an order of the roasted potatoes. The charcuterie board was very good, but honestly, probably won\'t get it again for the price. The Mixta platter though...the meat was so juicy and tender. The sauces were fantastic. And the portions were really good for 2 people. The potatoes also deserve mention for the spicy aioli that came with them. Holy crap was it good. All in all, an amazing meal and we will absolutely be coming back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I loved my experience here. I had the ARRACHERRA and my boyfriend ordered the BIFE DE GAUCHO. Both were amazingly flavorful. Unlike any other steaks we\'ve had. And the dessert was so refreshing! Sauces were amazing too. It was difficult to get a reservation, probably because it\'s so popular & yummy. We went at 8:30 and it was well worth it. And you have to get the CAMARONES: Jumbo Shrimp, seared "a la Plancha" with fresh rosemary, garlic and grilled lemons. It is AMAZING. I wish I took a photo but we were so excited to eat it.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wowiee. The most popular and highly rated restaurant in Pittsburgh (on Yelp at least haha). We ordered a feast. Maize: 8/10. Good sweet corn. Charred flavorAsado Platter: 8/10. The steaks were soooo good, and all the sauces, esp the Chimichurri sauce, were fireI'm not easily impressed by steak, but this place had some very good cuts. I can see why it's so well rated and popular :D", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The juice is worth the squeeze!  We have waiting MONTHS trying to time our schedule up with open reservations for Gaucho.  The time finally came, and we were able to celebrate my hubs birthday at the restaurant.  We selected to eat on the 2nd floor, and the vibe was perfect.  The back room had a cozy fireplace, couch, and books mixed in with the dining tables.  The music was on point taking my back to the early 2000's (I wasn't sure if I was in the club from college or listening to my napster playlist of alternative music....and I was there for it all!)  The server was very pleasant and answered all of our questions without hesitation.  Now on to the main attraction----the FOOD was divine!  We started with the provoletta which was a cheese wheel topped with spicy chili oil served with toasted ciabatta.  My only complaint on the app was that it was hard to dish out.  I thought it would be more melty cheese that you can dip, and we actually had to cut it to serve.  It still had delicious flavor, so no complaints there.  The birthday boy ordered the BIFE DE GAUCHO which was a decadent ribeye paired with a panzanella salad and creamy Roquefort on the bottom of the plate.  All of the flavor profiles complemented each other beautifully.  For my dish, I decided on the BIFE DE CHORIZO which was a New York strip steak accompanied by house made delicious chimichurri and a light salad.  It was such a light and fresh dish that I was completely satisfied.  We shared the VEGETALES ASADOS and loved the balsamic fig glaze that topped all of the vegetables.  The entire experience is something that we will definitely be putting on repeat.", 'review_rating': None}]