Information about Hello Bistro{"businesses": [{"id": "pCwOCE-cycl6cMEa9O6bZQ", "alias": "hello-bistro-pittsburgh", "name": "Hello Bistro", "image_url": "https://s3-media3.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/mdftyhJ0MRT5u1OCPDFtcw/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/hello-bistro-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 223, "categories": [{"alias": "salad", "title": "Salad"}, {"alias": "burgers", "title": "Burgers"}, {"alias": "cafes", "title": "Cafes"}], "rating": 3.5, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.4407643, "longitude": -79.9581044}, "transactions": ["delivery"], "price": "$", "location": {"address1": "3605 Forbes Ave", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["3605 Forbes Ave", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14126878787", "display_phone": "(412) 687-8787", "distance": 300.0877268163328}], "total": 32, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Boylan,Veggie Burger,Turkey Burger,Caribbean Shrimp Salad,BBQ Chicken Salad,Thai Peanut Salmon Salad,Chili and Potato Soup,Chicken Noodle Soup,Avocado Burger,Apple Almond Salad,John Wayne BBQ Burger,
[{'review_text': 'Salad is really good! Excellent service and atmosphere! Really good restaurant! Best salad in Oakland.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Relatively cheap place to find good beyond burgers! I got mine with a brioche bun, mushrooms, fries, and chipotle bbq sauce. I wish there were more topping choices and the interior is not very nice but I would definitely go again!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This location has messed up on two app orders in a row.  Each time my salad was made with goat cheese when my order on the app clearly states feta cheese.  I do not like  goat cheese- and cannot eat the salad.  Please label your cheese bins to prevent the same mistake from happening continuously.  Two meals ruined- time to avoid this place.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Walked to this shop while staying in a near by hotel in the city. We arrived around. 8pm on a weekday and there were few patrons inside. The staff was friendly and provided recommendations on items to try since it was our first time visiting. I opted for a turkey burger with fries and my mother ordered a salad. The food came out quickly. When I took the first bite of my turkey burger I  was hooked. The burger was juicy and flavorful. I actually felt like I might have been eating beef it was so good!! My moms salad was massive. You could easily eat  the salad for two meals. I did not try the salad, but my mom said it was tasty. I am glad we found this spot. They offer healthy options on the go without compromising on flavor!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I absolutely love the salad it was delicious I am not from the area and we don't have this bistro in South Carolina so I'll just have to eat here on my work trips.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'm new to the area. A coworker picked Hello Bistro for lunch. I went with the Chicken Fiesta Salad...Wow. I think this is the best salad I've ever had in my entire life. That lime dressing is mind blowing. When we officially move to Pittsburgh, this is going to be a staple in my take ordering rotation. I like that the website has nutrition information, super helpful for those of us counting macros!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Slowest service on Earth. Good food though but I shouldn't have to wait 30 mins for a fast food meal", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We stopped in for a light dinner.  Plenty of space to social distance and enjoy our dinner.  I had a salad and my husband had a burger.  It was quick and good quality.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Need to hire someone that cares about the quality of ingredients, especially since your guests can see everything on the salad bar. Green peppers were slimy, the pickled beets were very pale and color and had a white film, the peas were an off white color and looked rotten. No thanks, I turned around and left. It's a shame, this place used to be pretty good but has consistently just gotten worse.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Every time I go here I always get the friendly service. I like to make my own salads which is great! It's owned by Eat N Park so anytime you are craving their chicken noodle soup it's best to go here for it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordered online for lunch. Ready when they said.The pick up area is on the wall opposite the wall closest to the registers. Orders are on trays on the wall with the receipt attached. They write your first name and last name initial in black marker which makes it easier to see from a few feet away. I arrived 10 minutes earlier than my pick up time and my order appeared on the shelf 5 minutes later. Great timing considering the lunchtime rush.The food: I got the mushroom and onion burger with a veggie burger patty. The patty is very wide...peaks out from the bun. Taste is okay. Nothing special. Very disappointed in the amount of mushrooms..3 slices!? I don't even taste them. Ordering online is a great option for all the busy workers in Oakland. Order ahead and pick up! Easy as that.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I really tried to hold off giving a review on this Hello bistro because I was hoping they would turn themselves around. But seriously I don\'t think I could\'ve gone to a worst location. I walk in and I\'m the only customer in the entire restaurant and I say "hello how are you", and the cashier just looks at me like I\'m stupid. Then I proceeded to order, where she asked me multiple times to repeat myself, and I didn\'t mind that because I figured that way she wouldn\'t get it wrong. I got one salad exactly how it is made, and I got a second salad with shrimp instead of chicken. Not really a hard substitution. She went to go make my salad and completely disregarded the shrimp and put on chicken instead. Then when I said to her that I got shrimp, instead of making it over again she just took the chicken off ( though left some of it on) and then proceeded to just add shrimp on top of the leftover chicken. Then she put the salad on the counter for the second girl to bag, and the second girl stood there texting on her phone for five minutes before she bagged my salad. Again, this is every single time I go, and I always go when there\'s not a line and yet still get terrible service. I don\'t get it at all.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hello Bistro markets itself as a healthier option to eating...yet they essentially serve burgers and salads. The conflicting ideology makes it hard for me to decide what the restaurant is trying to do, as I'm okay with a burger patty being more dry if they intentionally put less oil to make it healthier, but then when I get a bag of fries soaked in oil...I have to give up on my healthy intentions.Overall, food here has small portions, both the salad and burgers. Service can be really slow as well (waited 30 min for a burger...).", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Very Dirty We were very hopeful for this restaurant judging from its menu online. When we walked in, we were greeted by a friendly worker, but upon looking around, found the place to be filthy. There was dirt and crumbs on the floor and even a half eaten burger sitting on a trashcan. This place was so dirty that we did not feel comfortable eating here so we left.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Hello Bistro is one of the best "fast food" options. I have visited this Oakland location as well as several others, and they\'re always consistent. This location is bright and clean. Their salads are huge and packed full of flavor. You can order one from the menu or build your own! What I love most is the way they chop them so everything is bite sized! I always get a salad, but my boyfriend frequently gets their burgers and fries and those are really good, too. I like the mix of options to please everyone in your party! You can order ahead on the app for pick up or eat in! I\'ve done both and really like the options. Another pro tip: coupons are frequent on the app, so always check before checking out! This is a great option because it definitely can be a little pricey, especially for casual food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I was working this past weekend and everyone wanted to try Hello Bistro. I volunteered to drive down and pick up the food for everyone. The salads were ready when I arrived and I believe everyone got exactly what they had ordered. We will order again.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place satisfies all of my needs! It's cheap, fast, can be healthy, and filling. I've been here twice in the past week and both times have left satisfied. The first instance my friend and I shared a California scrambler ($5!!) and fries ($2). The fries were thin and plentiful, and the people behind the counter were very friendly and accommodating when I asked for mayo.The second time my friend got a John Wayne BBQ Burger ($6.50) and fries and we were able to finish it comfortably. Looking at most of their menu items they seem to offer many health aware options such as turkey burgers and creating your own salad. The place is affordable and convenient. Definitely great for college students who are looking to fill their stomachs and not overeat while not spending a fortune!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Been here 3 times now. The trick is not to get too many items in your bowl or everything will blend together with little taste. Service is usually fast but not the friendliest. Lunch rush could be a long line. I've never had a burger and only the make your own salad. I did get a pot roast sandwich at another location but it was super small, only snack size. Sign up for app to get coupons and free birthday entree!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'd say this Oakland location is the cleanest, most well-run of the others in the city. Always great salad selections with the option to have your greens chopped well. Always great burgers and sandwiches too. Quick and easy dining, excellent value.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I wish I could put into words how much I love Hello Bistro. The soups are delicious and flavorful. I love the build your own salad (while also being grateful that a worker builds it for you since salad bars gross me out). Their burgers are fresh and definitely not those frozen patties most places use. They also have fresh cut fries which are a weakness of mine. The service is always friendly and fast. My favorite part is probably the soda dispenser that has old fashioned sodas. I'm a sucker for cream soda! Super busy during lunch time, packed with students. Otherwise an amazing place for a great, decent priced meal!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hello Bistro is another hit from parent company Eat N' Park. They offer burgers, salads, sandwiches, soap and even build your own salads. On this particular visit my girls and I came for the burgers however.My wife and I both chose the Original E'nP Superburger with fries and our daughter chose the Mushroom & Onion Jack Burger with fries. A few minutes later our food was on the table. My wife and I's burgers were just as good as ever as they were always our go to's at Eat N' Park. The fries were delicious also. Our daughter was quiet the whole time so I take it she enjoyed her burger as well!It's nice to have a different option for burgers other than Burger King or Wendy's. Next time I will try one of their salads as they sound very good as well!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I have been coming here probably for the past three years. Whenever I feel like I am not eating enough vegetables, I make sure to go to Hello Bistro. I always do the create your own salad, because then you can get as many as toppings as you want. Recently, I have been getting fruity salads, with mandarin oranges, apples, strawberries, edamame, quinoa, bell peppers, red onions, cucumbers, broccoli, avocado, chicken, almonds, pumpkin seeds, with citrus lime vinaigrette. I usually just try to make sure to have a theme in mind because the amount of toppings can be overwhelming. Also, they give you a free salad for your birthday which is great!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We ordered two salads, a burger, soup, and three drinks. I went to pick it up and open the bag at home and the burger and soup are missing. Two of the three drinks were wrong. We wanted unsweetened tea and water and do not drink sweet stuff. They gave us super-sweetened tea and fake sugar stuff that nobody in the house drinks. I called back and they said they were closed. Hello Bistro provided my money back and a gift card and made up for this mistake. They handled it well and I will increase rating.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have been to Hello Bistro several times now and I really can't believe there aren't more places like this in Pittsburgh to build your own salad. I created my own salad with salmon as my protein. Seriously soooo many toppings to choose from. I had a hard time passing up any of them. I also ordered a kids meal for my daughter- grilled cheese, fries, milk and a smiley cookie for $5. Yes $5!!!! Seriously such a good deal. We came in their off peak season since Pitt students were gone for the summer. With that said there was no wait to order and parking was easy. All a plus. One thing I thought was strange was the fact that they have a family restroom but no high chairs. I get this is smack in the middle of college town but there were several other families there and you made a point to have a family restroom. There should be high chairs. Food is good though so I will be back. I will just be better prepared with my daughter next time if we dine in.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hello Bistro is not for you if you are looking for a decent date night. But if you just decide to skip cooking tonight, hello bistro is always there for you.I've been eating their salad for three years. I consider it as a substitute for school's salad bar. Whenever I want to feel healthy, the heaping bowl of salad from this place would not let you down. I've never tried burger or sandwich though, since other options for fast food is close by enough. But back to salad, what else can you ask for if you get unlimited topping? The only complaint I have is the lack of consistency in the portion and the chop. Sometimes my medium bite chop left me chewing on leaves like a cow. Other times my chops was so small that I felt like drinking salad. But regardless hello bistro is still my go-to place for salad.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited Hello Bistro on 9/10/21. I had not been there in 7 years, since my daughter graduated PITT. Imani was their employee who dealt with me and she was awesome! She was incredibly patient with me, answered my questions politely and knowledgeably, and made the best salad I've ever had from there! I sat outside and it's a great location to see everything on Forbes and get that PITT campus vibe. I'll be back to Hello Bistro for sure - and I hope Imani is there working again!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I never thought I would refer to a salad place as one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. My friend suggested this place for lunch and all the while I was skeptical. However, I was pleasantly surprised when I tasted my salad. I ordered a tandoori salad story and I finished the entire bowl. Citrus Lime Vinaigrette with fresh and crunchy kale, spinach, and quinoa was delicious. Sunflower seeds were a great addition to the salad. I highly recommend trying this place. It is very busy during lunch and expect a wait time of up to 10 minutes.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The service is sometimes slow during busy hours, but the food is delicious. My favorite item is the over-easy cheeseburger. The French fries with their special ranch are DELICIOUS. Their create-your-own salads can be pricey but they are worth it! I've never had a bad experience here and the staff are always extremely friendly.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'If you want a salad, go to roots across the street. Hello Bistro is over priced and dangerous for food allergies since they chop all salads on the same boards. However, there is a lot of seating and they have Boylan sodas which are delicious.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Still a winning option for healthy eats that are quick and easy. I had been working out of an office space down the street, so ordering online was super convenient to just grab instead of fighting the lunch crowd. The salads are seriously huge, I really don't know how they pack so much into one container, but I always have trouble finishing it entirely (although I usually force myself to because it's so good!). I also like the option of cutting the salads into large/medium/small pieces (I like small) and I like having the heavy/medium/light option for dressing too (medium thanks!). They have a huge amount of toppings, as well as a variety of dressings (in my opinion, they most important part of a salad!). My current jam has been the poppyseed dressing, but I didn't see it as an option the last time I ordered a salad, so I hope they didn't take it off the menu. I always opt for the kale mix, and that wasn't an option either. So I'm not sure if they were just out that day or what was up but I'm hoping both are back on. Let's be honest though, the only thing I ever want to eat from here is that famous Eat n' Park ranch!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Stopped in on the 4th of July before lunch. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I have a lot of dietary restrictions these days and they were willing to talk through all of the ingredients of every mix-in I was interested in. They also changed boards and gloves to prevent any contamination for me. Would definitely eat there again if I visit Pittsburgh again.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I don't visit Pittsburgh frequently, but when I do the family's first stop is Hello Bistro for turkey burgers and milkshakes. Usually there's a line but we never mind the wait. However, fr some unfathomable reason, they no longer serve milkshakes! WHAAAAT?!! No wonder there's no line now. The turkey burger is still great, but the milkshakes made the meal. We watched another family discover this horrible truth and left without ordering. Another group ate and went across the street for milkshakes at the overpriced new milkshake place. Shame. I hope Bistro realizes its mistake and brings the milkshakes back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I despised eating salads until I found Hello Bistro. I always do a "make your own salad" because you can literally put ANY vegetables you want in it! I load up my mixed greens with all of my favorite veggies (mushrooms, carrots, celery, bell peppers, garbanzo beans, soy beans, and the roasted vegetable of the day) along with some quinoa and Asiago cheese. And of course don\'t forget to add your favorite crunchies to the mix!! I\'ve been getting salads here for 4 years now and my favorite all time dressing is the Thai peanut sauce--it just adds so much flavor to a bowl full of fresh greens! Pro tips: make your own salad, load up on veggies (it makes the price of the sale worth it), and don\'t come during rush hour when the college students dominate the lines', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We decided on Hello Bistro one day last weekend. I had been putting off going here because I never really found myself in the mood for a salad. Yes, i thought the only thing Hello Bistro had was a giant salad bar.Both of us decided on a burger and fries. Decent burger and pretty sweet options to choose from, especially the breakfast sandwiches (which are served all day). I really enjoy the fresh cut fries.. and at $2 it cant really be beat. That\'s pretty much the price of a half-full bag of funyuns, haha. Kudos to HB for having a ranch dispenser from the girl who eats ranch. with. everything. ! The Boylan Soda fountain was a nice touch too!Next time, I\'m going to try the salad. I couldnt make up my mind this past Sunday and didn\'t want to hold up my party, which is why I decided on the burger. I think its pretty sweet that HB has a salad bar + a menu with that has cool salad ideas already created! (salads by us) there are some pretty interesting options there.. Same is true for the regular salad bar (salads by you) By the way, remember at the beginning of this review i stated "i never really found myself in the mood for a salad"... wellllllll, since heading here, i\'ve been patiently waiting to head back for a salad...... & I brought home their menu, so I often find myself staring at the fridge at the HB salad menu! aahWe shall return and i\'ll update my salad experience.  I wonder if a HB will ever have a location downtown. That\'d be pretty sweet.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very filling and customizable salads! ...but overly priced and the service is terrible. I usually customize my own salad when I go and it always fills me up. The price is usually around $9-10, which is a lot for a salad. But their burgers and fries aren't too bad, in taste and in price. The service on the other hand is a completely different story. One time I came in about an hour to an hour and a half before they closed and no one was at the front of the house. There were people in the kitchen who made eye contact with me but didn't say anything to reassure my anxiety. I ended up standing there for about 15 mins to 20 mins before someone came to serve me. The service I received also was not very friendly, as he didn't apologize for my long wait. Even with a busy day or not, there was always a long enough wait that I would take note of. Would only come back if I was really craving a salad (which is very rare) or was coerced into going.tldr;food 7/10service 1.5/10interior 9/10 (lots of seating)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great place for a nice and filling salad even if you are not a salad person. Slightly sad that they made their bowls smaller form last year, but still a great place for food. I usually get a build your own salad where you can select anything from their wide selection salad bar. Ingredients are fresh and the salad is usually big enough for two meals.A nice healthy option, I recommend giving it a try!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Stayed in Oakland after long day, night at work. Tried HB 1st time. Was like being back in California where chopped salad places are all over the place. I got the thai salmon salad, yum! Lots of crunch and perfectly dressed. Husband's choice was cheeseburger over easy. Said in his top 3 burgers.  Friendly service and discount for downloading their app. 2nd experience updated review. Daytime lunch. Slowwwwww, ignored, finally waited on. Veggies in the case brown, sad, soggy. No hello. Not fresh.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was lucky enough to get in here just before the lunch mob swarmed this place on a Monday.  I could not have timed that more perfectly!  I wasn't in a rush, but certainly wouldn't have wanted to wait in the line that extended out the door.Granted that make your own salad option is choice.  The cashier explained to me what to do (since I'd only been to another location for Superburger combos) and I couldn't wait to tell them to add, well, almost everything.  A little of this, a little of that...and then with a medium chop and just a drizzle of the ranch dressing I couldn't even tell what all was in there.  And I loved every bite of it!  You start with lettuce (mixed greens, kale, romaine, spinach) and then they top it with any and all toppings at no additional charge.  Even though meats are extra, I splurged on the salmon for $3.  This was possibly the most amazing salad I've ever eaten for $11.It can get crazy and messy in there, but they keep things loving at a pretty steady pace.  I was impressed with the way they kept it all organized with dine in and take out orders all coming in at the same time.  My only concern is that it could be cleaner with how fast they chop those salads.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The burger was just O.K.  The fries were extra.  This place is a little confusing for ordering, and it is kind of small on the inside, and can get pretty crowded at lunchtime.   The salads look pretty good, but I haven't tried one yet.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I LOVE HELLO BISTRO.There are so many options to add to my salad (i.e. EVERYTHING)! Compared to all the other restaurants in Oakland, not counting when things are half off, Hello Bistro is where I'll go for ~$8.P.s. bacon doesn't count as meat.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hello Bistro usually hits the spot for me whether it's a salad or their delicious French fries! The detail put into your salad is excellent, and there are SO MANY options---chop size, dressings, cheese, proteins, whole or half lemon, so on and so forth! The French fries are so tasty and crispy! Many people pass by the mini smiley cookies---don't pass them by; they're a nice finish (or start) to your meal especially for $.50 :)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Lunch can be very busy. Great salads - I like chopped fine. Definitely try the burgers here too. You can order ahead and they will have ready to go on a pickup shelf.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited hello bistro for the second time recently and was in love! I decided to make my own salad- kale, romaine, cucumbers, QUINOA, grilled corn, roasted broccoli, edamame, avocado, almonds... I literally put everything in This salad! The customer service was great- the lady was patient as I ordered almost everything for this salad. They even ask you how you want it chopped and how much dressing you want- which is awesome! I had this salad for lunch and was stuffed. I'm not the type of person that is ever really stuff after a salad but I totally was this time.. And I now copied off of them and add cooked quinoa in my salads at home now:). What a refreshing place- huge portions, decent prices and awesome food- I am excited to return again soon when I'm in Oakland!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'NOT VEGAN FRIENDLY! Walked in and walked right back out. Their prep bar was a catastrophe. There was egg in the cucumber, bacon in the onion, and cheese in everything. The cross contamination was atrocious. Not friendly for people with dairy allergies. Also, the restrooms were a disgusting. Now it may have been a lunch rush but it was a Thursday around 2pm.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'my meal was very good but just wish i could eat in peace. They were very loud ( yelling across the restaurant ) . overall good... the writing on the walls was hard to read.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Even at 1:20 PM, this place is packed. I ordered the sesame soba salmon salad (kale + spinach) to go, but had asked for the kale to be completely replaced by spinach. Surprisingly the cashier said that it was impossible because it is a predesigned salad. I find it ironic that a place that prides itself on customizable salads can't even just make this simple adjustment. Nevertheless I took the salad with kale, rather than replicating the entire salad with spinach instead via the salad bar.The discrepancy between the amount of salad portrayed on the picture and what I received was apparent. They didn't even fill it to the plastic brim, whereas other people's salads were overflowing. Despite my criticisms, the salad was good. The avocado, edamame, and soba noodles were a unique way to spice up a salad. The Thai peanut dressing was slightly sweet, but didn't overpower the salmon or toppings.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'By far the most unprofessional and unhygienic staff.  They don\'t cover their mouths when they sneeze.  They take their time making the food during busy hours.  "How does it take 20 minutes to make a salad?  Come to to Hello Bistro and find out!"', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is another of the "build your own" upscale fast food spots that are great for quick meals. They have a ton of veggie and topping options for salad so you can create your own masterpiece. They also have several dressing options and I love the fact that they ask you how much dressing you want and what size you want your salad chopped. The portion size is quite large, so it definitely a salad as a meal, especially with a protein added.People behind the counter were friendly and helpful while I made decisions. It was a late afternoon, but the place was still pretty hopping and everything moved along quickly.It looked like they also had some pretty good burgers and hand cut fries, but we were in a salad mood.My only complaint it that the dining area was not really clean. This happens in this type of spot because no one gets out from behind the counter to wipe off tables.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Five stars for the burgers and salads, and for the fact that it's one of the few places you can actually get a healthy salad in Oakland.But my god, don't bother having the online ordering if the pickup times are so wildly wrong. I get it's not the fault of the staff, it's the fault of whomever is managing and setting up the workflow. When you have online ordering in a very busy place not having people only working on the online orders defeats the purpose entirely. The last three times I've been the wait times have ended up being 35, 30, and 40 minutes. If it's going to be that long fine, figure out a way to work it into your online ordering system, get Eat n Park to pony up and join grubhub or eatstreet that can give actual estimates instead of always saying 20 minutes. It won't stop me from eating here, but I'm sure it's going to stop people who aren't lucky enough to work across the street and have actual time crunches on their lunch breaks.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I went here for lunch on a Sunday. The staff was friendly. I ordered an avocado burger and fries. The burger had melted cheese and avocado that blended together and looked like gooey boogers (honest review here!), but the burger tasted good. The fries were a little greasy but tasted good also.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered a BBQ burger to go. It's listed under the 'beefy burger' section, so I think it's reasonable to expect that I'd get a beef patty in my burger? Much to my surprise, the burger came with everything except meat. 0 stars for that. Definitely better to stick to the salads here. Very disappointed!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A couple of friends and I were hungry after class and wanted to get something good and quick to eat. One of my friends recommended Hello Bistro so we decided to go here. Their menu had so many good burgers and sandwiches to choose from that I decided to go with their The Godfather, which featured pepperoni, provolone cheese, and a garlic aioli sauce. Fries were only an additional $2 so I figured why not. The wait for our food took longer than we thought but it wasn't a terrible wait. The burger was super good and very tasty. The pepperoni was a great ingredient in the burger. The fries were the thin type and had a good amount of grease on them where they weren't gross. I absolutely recommend this place to others. They even have salads that you can order as is or even make yourself! Those looked really good and very big and filling. They have literally anything for everyone.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Excellent salads, burgers and even better are their fries. Service is fast and efficient. The employees make you feel welcome.Best of all is the  Boylan soda fountain, which is the main motivation to go as far as I'm concerned!It's adjacent to the Pitt campus, lots of students eating here.Overall, high marks on every level.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The restaurant was so well organized that I guessed it had to be a chain; imagine my surprise when I discovered it's a spin-off of EatnPark. The menu is varied and healthful. I was disappointed to receive nothing but a grilled cheese sandwich for what I paid, but my husband and I could only eat half of his Buffalo chicken salad between us, so a salad is definitely the most economical option. The restaurant was noisy, but the Buffalo seasoning is very well done. Even at a bust dinnertime in a Friday the eat-in wait was not very long.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oh my God, Hello Bistro was simply magnificent. It's the little things that make Hello Bistro so great. First thing that we ordered was Boylan, it was really delightful. The staff is wonderful and extremely welcoming. Hello Bistro, If you haven't been here before, you're certainly missing out.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So they have a burger on the menu called 3 grain veggie burger. You would think it's a vegetarian burger since that's what a veggie burger is anywhere else in the universe. Nope. It's a burger that's got vegetables on it. But just mixed greens and tomato. So like a regular burger. If you're vegetarian, don't order it!!!! Maybe I should've looked closer, but I saw veggie burger and assumed they meant the same thing every other restaurant means.2 stars and not 1 because they have some dang good salads though.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I like this cafe it's a cool place to eat.They have a giant make your own salad for 7 to 9 bucks.I already had salad at home so I tried the grilled cheese with apples and bacon. It was just ok, not that flavorful. The fries are ok.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food is delicious and healthy, but staff can be very rude. There is not a good place to stand when waiting for your order but the solution to that is not to almost yell at customers. Without saying anything to me, another staff member also took my number out of my hand--I couldn't tell what she was doing and eventually she placed it on the counter next to me, still without ever saying a word to me even after i asked what was going on. Strange and rude. I will not be returning", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hello Bistro is a new chain by the folks behind Eat N Park. It offers bistro-style food with a healthier twist than what you would find at a lot of places. I really love this place for a lot of reasons.The first reasons is their extensive salad bar. You basically order a salad ($7.50 without protein), and then you can tell them all of the toppings you want - everything from roasted chickpeas to eggs, edamame and blue cheese. Protein toppings include pork, chicken, steak and tofu. Their dressings are interesting and full of flavor. My favorite is the pesto vinaigrette. I typically get a salad with romaine, mushrooms, egg, edamame, blue cheese, almonds, cranberries and the pesto dressing. Their grilled cheeses and sandwiches are also rather inventive. I like their veggie burger, but last time I went I ordered the 2-alarm burger with a veggie patty sub, and it wasn't that exciting. Maybe I wasn't in the mood. It's usually fantastic. Their fries come in a massive portion for $2, and they are my favorite part of Hello Bistro. I can't help it, I'm a potato junkie. They're skinny and crispy and just full of yum! The natural-soda fountain is also fantastic. I usually try one of each, but birch beer is my favorite. Their cream soda is also fabulous when you mix it with the orange soda. Yummy! Their current milkshake special is a strawberry-mango milkshake. It was to die for. Hello Bistro staff is always friendly and helpful. I love the environment, I love the food. I am excited about this place, and I hope it continues to grow!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hello Bistro is a go to for me. I love the concept. Everything always tastes and looks fresh. I always build my own salad and you can add 2 toppings if you want or 12! They have so many toppings i could never list all of them. Sometimes I have to ask for extra of a certain topping as they might just give you a tiny bit, but they never say no. They ask you how finely chopped you'd like your salad and how heavily dressed too. You have a lot of delicious dressing to choose from but the chipotle citrus bbq is my favorite. The salads are also so big that sometimes we'll go and split a salad and some fries if we're feeling it. The inside has all metal chairs and some low and high tables. With the amount of traffic that goes through this location, sometimes it looks like the place could be cleaner. But if you eat in the restaurant you just leave your food on the table when you are done and they come clean it up for you which is really nice. I also like that they have ranch next to the drink machine and little sauce to-go containers that you can fill and take with you. Genius. This is always a quick dinner option for me as I always leave feeling full, but not super unhealthy.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Hello Bistro has a very trendy vibe. I went on a Saturday around 12:30pm and there was no wait. I ordered a Texas Scrambler (a sandwich) and a cup of chicken noodle soup. The Texas scrambler was very delicious, but a tad on the greasy side. The chicken noodle soup was delicious, although the noodles were a tad doughy. The service was relatively fast (around 10min) and the employees are very nice.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After I moved away from Pittsburgh I never realized how much I under-appreciated the concept of Hello Bistro. Prices are beyond reasonable for all you can eat toppings that are consistently fresh... Those who are in Pittsburgh, you don't realize how lucky you are!! I'm surrounded by salad chains that are more expensive AND limit you to four toppings (I'm talking about you Sweet Greens and Chop't)! After I eat at these places I get sad and wish I could be back in Pittsburgh get Hello Bistro.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very disappointed with the burgers today. Neither of the super burgers had lettuce or the cheese or pickles. The buns were stale and hard. The burgers were burned black. It's hard to believe anyone making these would believe it is okay to serve this way.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have been eagerly awaiting the opening of Hello Bistro, and I was thrilled when I found out I would have time to head over for the trendy restaurant's first day.  As I walked in, I was blown away by the hipness and modernness of the decor.  The front facade has giant garage windows that open up to the outside on a bright, sunny day like the opening happened to be.  The manager greeted us with menus and a smiling face as we proceeded to gaze over the vast variety of FREE endless toppings.The worker kindly helped me build my salad and told me what some of the unknown items were that I was gazing over.  After successfully building my ginormous salad, I decided on Citrus Lime Vinaigrette, which was one of the many dressing they have to offer.  The way they prepared the salads and then chop them up right in front of you really creates an intimate experience.  On a side note, the fountain drinks are Boylan Vintage Sodas, and they are extremely delicious!My salad was all that I hoped it to be.  I cannot believe I received a huge shrimp salad with as many toppings as I wanted including a variety of cheese for all $9.00.  Not to mention, I finished my meal up with a yummy milkshake that made my stomach very happy.  I cannot wait to come back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Got a salad from the Hello Bistro in Pittsburgh Oakland and bit into a screw that somehow made its way into my salad! Utterly disgusting! Thankful I didn't break my tooth or cut my mouth!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I only wish that there was a Hello Bistro in my neighborhood. I only had a salad but it was terrific fresh and huge. It could have easily fed two people big you like salad stop by because you will truly enjoy what they hBe to offer. Either pick from their pre designed salads or design your own. Really great.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered the Greek-ish Turkey Burger and french fries. The burger was nice and juicy, and the spices had a good kick without being over the top. The french fries were really, well spiced and soft, yet crunchy. I would definitely come back next time I'm in town.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious, Healthy and Affordable. I love the variety of lettuces, vegetables and toppings. The serving sizes are enough for two meals. You can also use the app to save $2 on your order. I highly recommend this restaurant!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Today was my first time here and loved the concept.  Great service, fresh ingredients - a welcome entry into the healthy lunchtime market.Only suggestion is to consider having a spinach only option (currently only has a spinach/kale mixture).  I'll be back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Had to stop for lunch during my recent trip to Pittsburgh. This is a great place to grab a salad or even a burger/sandwich. It's even busier than when I used to live in Pittsburgh years ago when it first opened. You can create your own salad or if you're not feeling creative they have set salad options you can chose from. The salad are always fresh and big! You truly get what you pay for. This is in Eat n' Park restaurant so you can also get mini smiley cookies!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Its definitely a great place to grab a salad or even a quite good burger. But, its amazingly organized during their busy time. Unfotunately, If you order from their menu it might take much much longer than actually picking up your ingredients.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Incompetent register girl didn't know how to change out the tape, then ordered me fries instead of salad, then handed me a frozen side salad. 2 stars only because another employee offered to graciously remake my side salad.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I don't know why I ever come here. It's like I forget how bad it is and need to be reminded.  My order is either always wrong or tastes terrible or both.  Today was no exception.  Trudged back to my office only to find someone else's burger in my bag. I suppose it's my fault for not checking the burger before I left.  I returned and they gave me a fresh (correct) burger but didn't swap out the fries.  Hopefully the next time I am tempted by the convenient location, I will remember my previous experiences.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is my favorite lunch time locations in Oakland. I\'m a pretty picky eater so a make your own salad option where you see each ingredients is a dream come true. I\'m a vegetarian and their tofu is actually really good. It\'s nice and firm and the seasoning is savory. at Hello Bistro I get to put pasta on my salad and say "all the cheese except blue" and get rewarded with 5 different types of cheese on my salad! I\'m also a big fan of their balsamic dressing which is nice and creamy and tart. The downside: NEVER GO AT NOON. It gets crazy busy. I usually have to budget about 30 minutes just to stand in line.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "There are about 3-4 Hello Bistro's in the Pitt area.  A salad and burger chain?  I'm in!  This location is at the bottom of the hill of the UPMC/PittMed campus and open until 10pm.  I walked in at 9:55pm and the staff were very sweet and accommodating, working until the very last minute (probably beyond).  It was very tempting to choose a salad (healthy) vs a burger but I was starving.  I devoured my turkey and avocado burger.  Yum, no regrets!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The salads are good, I just recently went  and ordered a caesar salad but I was given something completely different.  My roommate enjoyed it but I was disappointed lol', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The one and only star I am feeding this business is in action because of the wait time. It does not matter if there are 2 employees present, or 32 employees present. I am capable of taking a nap with undergoing a full REM cycle while I wait for the food. However, if I were rating the quality of the restaurant, I would rate this 5 stars because of how good their food is... Also, the wait is terrible.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Have been here so many times and never disappointed. The food is soooo good and the employees have always been so nice. Really efficient workers who know what they're doing. I recommend this place to everyone. Another plus: places are usually unwilling to give you decent avocado portions, but this place always does it right.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hello Bistro was the first restaurant I ate at in Oakland and I was hooked from day one. It puts every salad I get at another restaurant to shame, as the toppings are endless and so deliciously fresh. I tend to leave feeling full, but not post-Chipotle-burrito stuffed. Quinoa, endamame, fresh blueberries, Kalamata olives, fresh mozzarella balls-- essentially everything you would find in a dream salad bar. I'm sure the other reviewers have summed up how great this place is, so I'll leave it at this: hungry for vegetables? Go to Hello Bistro. Thirsty for vintage, real-sugar (no HFCS) pop? Go to Hello Bistro. Really feeling a beer with your Eat n' Park burger? Go to Hello Bistro. You'll thank me later.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': '"I\'m on a health kick" so Hello Bistro has been my savior for the past few weeks. Their service is very efficient and often happy and inviting. You can\'t go wrong with the salads because you can call the shots, but some of their sandwiches are a little too oily considering they - in my experience - have been low on flavor. I\'m happy with their decision to stop selling alcohol, though the juxtaposition was cool, it was strange. 4 stars because I\'ve started actually craving salads since going, so a big thank you!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.The employees are deliberately slow and rude. They are always talking to each other instead of taking orders or performing whatever tasks they need to do. It took me 23 minutes to get a simple burger and fries (which were ok at best). Burger was awful, the brioche bun wasn't buttered or toasted, it had way too much lettuce on it, the bacon was limp, the onions weren't caramelizad and the patty was somehow both overcooked and cold at the same time. The fries had way too much pepper on them and some were crispy while others were practically raw. Not spending my money here again until I see some change, last time I came here the bacon on my grilled cheese was dangerously undercooked. This place used to be good I'm disappointed.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I came here with my boyfriend for dinner last week. The restaurant was typical of a college-area place, and the printed words everywhere (meal number, menu, napkins, etc.) reminded me of Chipotle.I ordered the avocado burger; my boyfriend got the salmon burger and fries. The food took longer than I expected, considering the college-geared atmosphere. My burger was okay. It had the burger, red onion, a slice of avocado, a slice of cheese, and sauce. There was nothing special about it; also, the thick slice of avocado in only the middle of the burger made the sandwich really wide and awkward to eat. I thought the presentation--burger half-wrapped in foil--was cute, though. I took a bite of the salmon burger, which was pretty good. However, the fries were soggy and not good at all. They came in a paper bag that was soaked in grease from the fries, which wasn't appetizing either.If I come back, I'm going to try the salad bar, which seems much more interesting. They have many toppings to choose from, and the salad containers looked huge.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I couldn't have made a better salad myself!I generally do not like salad, but I'm trying to take the healthy route.  I made my own salad at hello bistro and the number of mix-ins is amazing and unbeatable!  So many different combinations, so little time!  I think you can't go wrong because they have premade options or you can create your own with whatever you like.  Since I added a protein option, my salad came to be $10, which is really not bad considering I chose the most expensive option (salmon). Not to mention!  The salads are huge!  I couldn't even finish mine in on sitting!  Definitely two healthy meals in one!  Great value!For going during the lunchtime rush, I think I got out in a pretty timely fashion all things considered.This place is everything salad works wishes it could be.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordered online went in at my designated time to get it and it wasn't ready which I understand at lunch time it's busy.  People walking around doing nothing, asking people what their names are and skipping orders.  Spent almost entire lunch hour waiting on my food.  Completely unorganized.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Come to Hello Bistro for a fresh, healthy, affordable lunch. This is my new go to place in Oakland, where it can be hard to find veggies and leafy greens (among the dive bars, pizza, and burger joints that populate this area).Salads are $7-9. They also serve burgers, bottled beer. You order at the counter and a staff member brings you your lunch (not sure how take out works). Modern, clean atmosphere. It was not crowded or busy at noon on Sunday during a 3 day weekend.I like this place!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "good spot if you want a fairly priced salad and homemade French fries! they also have really good burgers and amazing flavors of soda! I had previously gotten the BBQ chicken salad and it was bomb, but this time I got the apple almond salad and it wasn't very good. Too much lettuce and not very colorful, looked bland and tasted bland. service was slow but it was crowded so I guess that was fine. I'll go back and try more.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Very casual.  Open air seating when weather is nice.Order and pay, then the staff delivers your meal.  For us, one item was missing from the order so it was misunderstood when placing the order.  Not a big deal for us.Salads can be ordered with choice of toppings.  Chicken soup was good and hot.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have written to them multiple times they don't fix anything so maybe some constant public social shaming will do the trick, watch for my Foursquare, Facebook, Twitter, and Google reviews coming soon. This time I ordered a made to order the salad, with fries, I said LIGHT ranch, and add medium hot sauce in the comments. They gave me a small side of hot sauce in a cup not mixed in the salad. Like I said I ordered the salad with fries, left a comment please chop fries into the salad...Nope, COLD fries in a bag. Every time I go there it gets worse, and smells more and more like a garbage dumpster.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I used to frequent Eat'n Park in Grove City with my friends. It was a good place to hang out late at night and order whatever we wanted, whenever we wanted. For this reason, it was comforting to discover Hello Bistro, a more hip offshoot of Eat'n Park, within walking distance of my workplace. I love the chili and potato soup. It's so comforting. I used to order those all the time at ENP. Their salad bar is huge and has as many options as you could possibly think of. What really draws me to this place is the Boylan's soda fountain. How cool is that? I love Boylan's soda, but sometimes it's hard to find. I wish they served regular root beer, but they have birch beer, black cherry, and ginger ale which are satisfying enough (and free refills!). It's a great lunch option in Oakland, whether you're lunching alone, getting food to go, or meeting up with a friend.UPDATE - 4/27/16 - I would recommend only going here in the afternoon when a manager is around and things are stocked and the staff is on point. I went here for dinner at around 7 p.m. a week ago and the vegetables (and eggs?) were frozen, they were out of dried cranberries and other items, and the service was pretty bad. The students working clearly felt like they had better things to do than helping customers. Go at your own risk.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Was walking by and decided to check it out.  I had a grilled cheese sandwich with Apple slices on it which was surprisingly good.  Excellent fries and a chocolate shake too.If you're into healthy choices, they had a huge salad bar surely to excite any vegetarian or paleo.", 'review_rating': None}]