Information about Mount Everest Sushi{"businesses": [{"id": "Q4WmBfRD6rcTSXVZqjKC5Q", "alias": "mount-everest-sushi-pittsburgh", "name": "Mount Everest Sushi", "image_url": "https://s3-media3.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/9ag8NoiNmJag_P3zdK-4Kw/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mount-everest-sushi-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 263, "categories": [{"alias": "asianfusion", "title": "Asian Fusion"}, {"alias": "sushi", "title": "Sushi Bars"}, {"alias": "poke", "title": "Poke"}], "rating": 4.5, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.44159, "longitude": -79.95728}, "transactions": ["pickup", "delivery"], "price": "$", "location": {"address1": "128 Oakland Ave", "address2": "", "address3": null, "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["128 Oakland Ave", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14127096256", "display_phone": "(412) 709-6256", "distance": 283.12245160173796}], "total": 8, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Mount Everest Roll,Salmon Poke Bowl,Tuna Poke Bowl,Steeler Roll,Crab,House Special Poke Bowl,Tuna Roll,Spicy Tuna Roll,Spicy Salmon Roll,Orochi Roll,Monster Roll,Salmon Roll,California Roll,Yellowtail,Dragon Roll,Rainbow Roll,Avocado Roll,Spider Roll,Spicy Crab Salad,Allison Roll,
[{'review_text': 'This place still got itttt! A true hole in the wall with top 3 sushi in the city. The specialty rolls are awesome. The sashimi is so fresh. I could eat here everyday for the rest of my life.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We got two bountiful sushi dinners. We were from out of town so we're a little surprised this was a bit more of a 'to go' place.  You can order at the counter and take your food upstairs to their dining area.  The ambiance is fairly utilitarian.  However the sushi was tasty. The service was really just counter service so it was fine. I think if I was back in the area and wanted to eat out, not just takeout... I'd go somewhere else. But this would be a great place to get food to go.It was also not cheap.  These two plates of 4 rolls each with 2 cans of soda was a few dollars short of $100.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I got the salmon poke bowl and it was delish! It was ready in a couple of minutes and they give you a good amount of toppings. I do wish it was a little customizable, but I still really enjoyed it. The presentation was also super cute! The salmon tasted super fresh as well.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place has some really good poke bowls and sushi for a great price. The portions are worth the price! The service is fast and they do have seating upstairs.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had the Red Snapper Poke Bowl. For $16, was 3/4 full of rice with some field greens, seaweed and fish chunks on top. Upstairs the seating area and restroom were filthy.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Okay but Atarashi next door is better.  We tried Boston roll, California roll, miso soup, and ginger salad. Salad not super fresh. Sushi portion small.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The sushi always tastes fresh, is made quickly, and easily available on a bunch of delivery apps. To my surprise, the poke bowl was actually pretty good size and filling. The House special bowl has both tuna and salmon, which were tasty and fresh. There was a good amounts of veggies in a savory mild spicy sauce.  The sushi was tasty. The steeler roll was my favorite. The shrimp tempura was well made and gave a good crisp. The seared part of the overlying salmon was fine but didn't add much or make a noticeable difference.  The Mount Everest roll was good too but it was almost too much to appreciate all the different things in the roll.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hit this place while visiting Pitt for a student tour. Entry Is a bit misleading as it is pretty small but there is a decent eating space upstairs. The donut was fantastic; spicy tuna, tuna and salmon with avocado. So good!  The other sushi (can't remember what we ordered) was also excellent. Staff was friendly and helpful in finding the best combo for our first visit. Won't be our last visit.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The sushi is fresh, delicious & generous. Staff is friendly. I highly recommend the Monster Roll, it was amazing.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Most flavorful sushi roll I've ever tasted! Not kidding! KING OF FLOWER, salmon, avocado, mango, cucumber, cream cheese, peanuts, and secret sauce, just a hint of perfect spice! ,", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "sushi is my weakness. sometimes i asks in the middle of the night dreaming about these sushi donuts, there's just something so addicting about them. two come in an order, i recommend getting at least 2 ordered (4 donuts) for a full mean. There's less filling than a traditional roll, but so good", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We decided to order out one night when we were much to lazy to leave the Air BNB. This seemed to be the best option for delivery with pricing and timing. We got a large platter of different rolls to try out. All the sushi was really fresh tasting and pretty delicious. My favorite per usual was the spicy tuna. It was actually pretty spicy and I loved it. I also loved the yellowtail, per usual. Very good sushi, especially for delivery!Overall this was great and I would probably order again if in the area.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've had really awesome sushi from here!! I always do take out. A couple of times my order has gotten mixed up with someone else's but it's okay it was actually a funny surprise and I love any sushi. All the fish in each sushi roll and poke bowl is super fresh. They have sushi donuts and fun menu items that are exciting to try!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Awesome sushi place that has both solid quality without emptying your wallet. Ordered take out as they have COVID precautions still. Got their Sashimi assortment A and the spicy yellow tail roll. What's a treat! The Sashimi were fresh and sliced pretty generously with lots of sushi rice provided! The spicy yellowtail roll had a good blend of spiciness that did not overpower the flavor of the fish.Overall for takeout, I was extremely satisfied both with the quality of fish, food, and price. Will definitely be back in the future.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Mount Everest sushi had Fresh tasting fish in Pittsburgh south Oakland I wouldn't go there to eat since it's a small area inside but take out is wonderful but definitely order ahead", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Do I like spicy mayo? Yes I do. Do I like it poured all over every bite of sushi so that all if it tastes the same? No thanks! I used to really like their sushi but I feel like they just keep putting more and more sauce on it, and what I can taste if the fish seems less fresh tasting than it used to. However, I do recommend the steeler roll and spicy yellowtail roll.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered from here because I wanted sushi and this place had high reviews but is it because everyone is a poor college student?! It wasn't the worst sushi ever but I did not finish my food and honestly was just done with it. Supermarket sushi might be a little bit better than what I got. I got the chirashi, it was more expensive than the sushi places back in Philly, didn't come with a soup or salad. There was a lot of fish but the quality was only ehh.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'First time trying sushi from this place and it was good!  Everything tasted fresh and looked great.  We tried 4 different rolls, eel avocado roll, Allison Roll, Dragon Roll, and and Spicy Salmon Roll (a good spicy kick).  It came with a large portion of ginger and wasabi, not enough low sodium soy sauce packs.  And they included chop sticks and napkins without requesting.We also got the spicy cucumber salad, which was very refreshing and had great dressing.  We will definitely try it again!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I absolutely LOVED this place. The service was amazing, crazy friendly and accommodating. Felt like we were regulars. Walked in and was not expecting such an enthusiastic welcoming vibe. We sat upstairs, ate and visited with old friends. 10/10 will come back next time we are in town!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Cheap but service was unfriendly and sushi was just not that good. Plus awful sitting area upstairs', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great sushi! They serve the "classics" and also put their own spin on things. I enjoyed the Mt Everest roll and a few of their "donut" rolls. Everything was delicious.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is the top of the mountain!  A-game, level 10, sushi!  I\'m going to say it...it\'s the best sushi in Pittsburgh!It goes without saying to not judge a book by its cover...and this is no different.  An unassuming building front, a small area to order, and a small dining area upstairs with steps that look like they might have come from the Tibetan mountains themselves, this sushi is off-the-charts good. Don\'t be afraid to venture outside your comfort zone, either...you will not be disappointed and you\'ll end up trying something new and delicious.  I\'d recommend trying the chef\'s specials or let him surprise you...again, you will enjoy every bite!This is now my official "go to" spot around town for sushi and it\'s not even close.  Good...no...great eats!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The best sushi for your buck in Pittsburgh.My Everest strives to deliver a high quality of sushi while maintaining convenience and a large variety of options. You'll find anything from cheap poke bowls to more expensive imported salmon to delicious tuna tataki.The part that strikes me most is how fresh all their fish is. No nasty aftertaste and mostly not frozen unlike most places around.The two guys that run the place are also super nice so don't be afraid to start a conversation with them!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This was a great spot to grab a quick lunch! I had the salmon Poké bowl and was impressed with the amount of salmon they included. Very flavorful, service was quick and friendly', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Stopped in late last night after horrible experience at some supposed high end downtown sushi place.  These guys get it done. Simple and easy and great sushi.  Can't wait to go back.  I wish they some seating and table service but worth the trip.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So delicious, the best sushi and freshest sashimi I've had in the Pittsburgh area. I've been back since these photos and they did not disappoint. They have fun innovative menu items and beautiful presentation. There's just one guy at the sushi counter making the rolls fresh. Highly recommend!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oh Mount Everest, how you've fallen. Today was my third time getting their salmon poke bowl over three years, and this was by far the most disappointing experience. The rice was warm, the sauce was a lot more sour and not as tasty as I remembered--but most offensive of all was the amount of fish: VERY noticeably less than what it used to be. In its place is now an abundance of lettuce. And all this, considering the price hike I mentioned in my last review ($11.50, tax included). I really wanted to continue being a fan of this place--there aren't exactly a lot of sushi/poke places in the area--but I don't know if I'll order this again. On the somewhat more positive side, the place is still nice and clean and the workers are friendly and service is quick. The salmon, though not much, was still fresh. Overall though, the food really needs to go back to what it used to be :(", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Unexpected find. Decided on sushi after a few days of greasier food. Had sashimi and a roll. There were excellent!! I'd definitely go back again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered this food to go during social distancing and oh my gosh, it is delicious!! I can't wait to go back and eat in the restaurant because the plate presentation photos look lovely. Even with takeout, the rolls I ordered were neatly placed in a takeout container perfectly sized for them. I ordered the steeler roll and spicy California roll. Both are so fresh and delicious!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wow! Parking was difficult here however, it was worth the hassle! This little hole in the wall is very unassuming however, offered delicious, fresh sushi. The menu board is both printed on laminated paper and also written on a lovely chalkboard that greets you when entering this restaurant. I'm assuming this place mostly does carry out because the dining room is not decorated well. However, there is seating upstairs and it's doable. The food was great! Much better than I expected. The seafood tasted fresh and everything was full of flavor. Wow! The prices I would say are average for sushi.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I got take out from here and the eel roll I got was decent. Delivery was super fast, but the sushi donuts were not as appealing as the ones shown in other photos here. And the sushi tacos were literally just thrown in some hard taco shells...', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Extremely impressed with the quality of fish and the seasoning of the food. I shared a house special poke bowl, spider roll (my favorite) and yellowtail jalapeño appetizer. I never thought I would say this but there was a lot a lot of fish, definitely worth the price and actually not enough rice. Well seasoned, only thing was the fish was cut into strange unsymmetrical long pieces. Still taste the same but a little strange. HIGHLY recommend the spider roll, love the warm taste with avocado. Lastly the yellowtail was super delicious and fresh. I will definitely be coming back for more!They have seating upstairs even though the storefront is small', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great sushi.  Ridiculously fresh fish.  Reasonable prices.  Friendly owner and staff.  Even the rice was perfect.  Hope my daughter chooses to attend Pitt so we can come back here.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fantastic hand rolled fresh super Mario and flower rolls. Highly recommend for excellent sushi', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I am a huge sushi fan and this place definitely lived up to its name. It was ready within 10 minutes. The sushi itself takes to fresh and light. If you're looking for a good, healthy tasting sushi place, this is where you should go", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wow, this may be my new favorite lunch spot. I got the tuna poke bowl and it was amazing. All of the flavors meld so well together with the sushi rice and salad and tuna. My friend got the tuna tacos which she also said were amazing. And the price is so reasonable. I couldn't even finish my meal.  There's a little bit of spice, which was just perfect for me. Also, it's very unassuming from the outside and even the first floor, so there weren't a ton of students lined up to order. There is some seating upstairs. You can order to go out in and they will bring your food upstairs to you. It is definitely the best sushi I've had in Oakland. 5 delicious stars.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love sushi. I really love sushi. I kept seeing this place on Postmates and I was in the mood for some sush so I thought I'd try it (not before checking Yelp, though!). I'm always a little iffy ordering sushi from a delivery service but I was happy to see the stars and reviews so of course I went ahead and tried it. So happy I did! Finally a place with good poke! I ordered the sushi platter with a California roll, tuna, salmon, shrimp and some kind of white fish sashimi. Very good. Tasty. Fresh fish. I also ordered the salmon poke bowl. Salmon, crab, rice, edamame. The salmon and crab were on point. I enjoyed both dishes so much and I can't wait to order from here again. The fish is fresh and the presentation is lovely. Finally a sushi place that is quality and affordable.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is, hands down, the best sushi I've ever had in Pittsburgh. The single employee there took my order, rang me up, and prepared my food. He cut each piece of fish carefully, then inspected each slice individually, discarding one or two of them because they were not absolutely perfect. He then prepared a beautiful plate for me, that was delicious to savor. The upstairs dining area was quiet and relaxing, seating was comfortable. I can't wait to come back here.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fresh sushi, quickly prepared and served, in a casual environment. Stopped by this place on an afternoon this week around 4 pm. I called as I was walking over, and they had my food ready for me 5 minutes later when I arrived. Beautiful plating all around for both the dishes I ordered. The fish was very fresh, the sushi rice perfectly prepared. My rainbow roll had lovely fresh crab inside and was served with decorative sauces that were great for the dipping. I was a little disappointed that the salmon in the poke bowl was coated in a sweet sauce rather that just being chunks of fish that I could dress myself, but I'm sure if I ordered it again I could request that. There was a healthy serving of greens in the poke bowl, too, which was nice.The upstairs seating area was well air-conditioned on this hot summer day and had a bunch of basic linoleum tables and a serve-yourself water dispenser with styrofoam cups. You pay at the counter downstairs, but then your food is brought up to you. The crowd seemed mostly young college students (makes sense for the location!) with pop music playing overhead suited to the customer demographic. Seems like a great place for a casual lunch or dinner. Prices were fair for the quality of the fish.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Have been meaning to try this place for a while. I got the house poke bowl which consisted of salmon, tuna, seaweed salad, and some pepper slaw with rice. This poke bowl was definitely the most flavorful one I have ever had. It was surprisingly very spicy. Almost, too spicy so just beware. The salmon and tuna was very good. Overall, I enjoyed my poke bowl. As there are not a lot of place to get poke in Pittsburgh, I will be back to try their salmon bowl. They have some seating upstairs. Prices are moderate. My poke bowl was 13.95.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Tasty tiny hole in the wall sushi spot and my favorite sushi spot in Pittsburgh! While you order upstairs, the seating area is upstairs so you can look out onto the street. I normally go around 5-6pm and the place is usually 75% full, but also most people seem to get it to go. Dragon roll: 5/5: A GOOD amount of avocado so thats a plus! Didn't have too much rice and the eel is really tasty and flavorful!Spider Roll: 5/5: This is really yummy and has a good rice to protein ratio! The sauces are flavorful and well balanced. Nothing bad to saySalmon Poke: 4/5: the salmon was SUPER fresh when I went which was nice and they have a good amount of toppings/ protein. I do wish there were more options for topping/ customization options. Also when I got it, the salmon wasn't properly cut up.Is a little pricey compared to the sushi places around the area, but the quality is also a lot better!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I really, really, really didn't think I would be a fan of this place walking in. It's a hole-in-the-wall sushi restaurant, on the same street as 8 other asian restaurants, that look a lot more appealing to eat at. But looks can be deceiving. This place is great! It's easily my favorite place to eat at when I'm in Oakland, and one of my favorite places to get sushi anywhere in this city. They have some wacky creations like their sushi donut (which is pretty good honestly), and a lot of standard dishes like sushi rolls and poke bowls. The food comes out super fast, and the staff has been very nice. They actually will bring you food up to you if you decide to sit upstairs in their dining area. I like upstairs because you can sit next to the window and look down on Forbes Ave, which is always fun to people watch.I think the food is really good. Definitely get spicy tuna roll. It (for once) actually has a kick to it. So many places don't make it 'spicy'- this place does!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "It's a smidge expensive for some of the item on the menu. But overall they have great food!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Yesssss they made the prettiest sushi in Pittsburgh. I love food art! This review is for their poke bowls. Lately I've been very into poke bowls, so I've decided to try their tuna poke bowl. They change it every once in awhile I think (?) but mmm the tuna bowl is so worth it! Their house made sauce is very yummy and everything just blend well together. I like my poke bowl certain way so I will ask the chef if he can add some extra stuff like jalepeno in there or mango. He always is happy to accommodate, it's a little extra but I am glad to pay it. It is very fulfilling, I am full every time. I haven't tried their sushi yet, that's next on my list. Also their sushi donuts look so beautiful I want to try that next as well. I will update my review once I do :) but if you haven't tried it, please dooooooo you won't regret it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Imagine going into Oakland, during rush hour, the first week Pitt students are back and Jason Momoa is filming close by.  It definitely was crazy - especially trying to find a parking spot.  But visiting Mount Everest made up for it.The restaurant is not anything amazing.  It\'s more what I would consider a "hole in the wall".  You walk into the restaurant, they have laminated menus (with specials on the chalkboard - don\'t miss those!), a cooler with drinks, a couple window seats and - most importantly - the ordering station/sushi bar.  Once you place your order you head upstairs to sit.  There is not alot of seating - maybe 20ish seats - 2 and 4 top tables.  They bring your food to you - then once you finish - you take care of your plates (similar to Panera).  This place is so good.  I eat A LOT of sushi.  (sometimes weekly) and Mount Everest will get my business again - many times over.  It is that good.  If you have a chance - check it out.  If you don\'t have time to go to Oakland - it\'s on Grubhub/Doordash/etc.  So get some fresh scrumptiousness!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So glad to have found this place as a lunch option on campus. It's definitely simple, affordable sushi, but way better quality than I expected from the price and location. I'm vegan, so it's not always easy to find good campus good options, but I was super happy with their veggie roll and avocado roll.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I was a little nervous ordering Mt Everest Sushi delivery for my first time not knowing what to expect in quality. I had a definite craving for a poke bowl so I took my chances. So glad I did :)I ordered their Great White Poke bowl and their Orochi Roll (descriptions in photo) and my order arrived in a timely, neat fashion. No food was harmed in its delivery, thank goodness. They provided the right amount of everything I needed like wasabi, picked ginger, soy sauce and chopsticks so I was good to go as soon as I opened the bag. Sorry no food pictures, I was too hungry. I will definitely order delivery from them again with no hesitation.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Not bad sushi (especially for the price)! I am quite particular about my sushi. I want the perfect proportion of everything to be able to actually taste the fish alongside the other ingredients and this place gets it right. There was the right amount of rice, which was flavored slightly, with the sushi and everything combined together nicely. I decided to go basic with my order: salmon roll and tuna sushi. The tuna seemed to be of decent quality. Of course, don't expect too much for such affordable prices. My salmon roll, as mentioned earlier, was exactly to my liking.Despite the questionable appearance, Mount Everest will definitely satisfy that craving for sushi. The workers are very friendly and will bring the food to you if you decide to dine in at the available seating upstairs. They also serve poke bowls, which I am intrigued by and will probably try out soon.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Anytime I'm looking for sushi in the Oakland area this is my first choice. I would like to consider myself somewhat of a connoisseur of sushi considering I worked at a high-class sushi restaurant for about 3 years and really enjoy all types of sushi and sashimi. I always will try out every sushi place around me in order to find which ones are really worth going to. I can confidently say that Mt. Everest sushi holds some of my highest  praises. Located on the same street as two other sushi places (Oishii Bento and Sushi Fuku) they definitely take the cake for the best sushi in Oakland. Most of the time I go I get a specialty roll and they never disappoint. The ingredients always taste fresh and the rolls are made well (they don't fall apart and the rice is made perfectly). Other than sushi they also offer sashimi, poke bowls, salads, soup, and even sushi donuts and tacos which are very interesting and definitely worth a try! As for the staff, they are always friendly and I never felt I have been wronged, they even have asked my opinions on new foods they want to offer. They have a large seating area upstairs and will bring your food directly to you after you have ordered and paid downstairs. Make sure you grab a cup and fill it with the water spout next to the cups upstairs!Pricing is very reasonable for a sushi restaurant which is ideal considering sushi can add up quickly and end up costing a fortune. Rolls are usually around $4-$5 for regular rolls, and $11-$13 for specialty rolls. They also offer roll/sashimi combos which are very much worth it if you're hungry and looking for some basic roll combos. Mt. Everest is my go-to place for sushi and it is by far the freshest and offers the best bang for your buck. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and looking for sushi!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious and such good value! Will definitely return and recommend to friends. The place is a small hole in the wall kind of restaurant but the quality of the sushi is outstanding.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is my go-to sushi place in all of Pittsburgh. I have tried other places but nothing comes close to Mount Everest. Everything is always fresh and the staff is so friendly. I've ordered multiple things here from the sushi donuts to the tuna poke bowl. It all has been fantastic and prepared beautifully. They always put a cute little edible flower to decorate the plate when you eat in. It's a nice touch. My favorite is that they switch up their menu items sometimes. For example, the poke bowl I have ordered on several occasions and each time they included different ingredients then would ask for my feedback on them. I thought that was really nice that they included the customer's opinions!Definitely recommend paying a visit to!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Delicious poke bowls and sushi! They are so nice and are very quick! If you want to change something in your order, they easily let you do it. They have very special rolls and also the simple rolls. We love the Steeler roll ( duh!) and the spicy Tuna poke bowl! I love coming here because it makes me feel like I'm tasting more of an authentic sushi with a twist!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "First of all, their sushi tacos were hands down the best I've ever had of raw fish in any form. Tuna and salmon mixed with a variety of perfectly marinated peppers and veggies. Perfect. My husband and I went after a bodybuilding competition and ordered about 6 rolls, sushi donuts, and those delicious tacos. They plated our spread of assorted sushi rolls on a beautiful boat with colorful, edible flowers and plenty of wasabi and ginger. Not bad for a $60 tab! This would have easily been over $100 anywhere else. He also got the miso soup and said it was the best he has ever had - and he knows miso soup. I would highly recommend this to any sushi lover. The rolls aren't too fancy, but the fish is noticeably good quality.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "*WOULD RECOMMEND*As a poor college student who still wants to enjoy some good sushi and fresh fish, I think Mount Everest does a good job of doing so. Over the year that it opened, I've tried pretty much all their poke bowl. The freshness level varies depending on when their fresh fish order comes in; most of the time it's okay, but once in a blue moon when you go in right when their fish arrives it's is SOOOOO FRESSSHHH!!Poke bowl:I've tried all the poke bowls and my favorite is the Great white (albacore). Theres something about the sauce that they mix it with that makes it taste so good! There's a good amount of rice, but there's a bit too much spring mix (aka salad). The seaweed salad, crab salad, and other sides are flavorful enough that it goes well with the rice and the fish. Overall, it was very fulling.Sushi donut:Very instagramable! I've seen sushi donuts on insider-food videos but it was exciting to try one in person. Definitely worth trying. It looks so nice the way they spread all the toppings around the sushi donut rice. I liked how every bite is different because of the different toppings. There was a sauce that came with it on the side but I still think there's needs to be more sauce or flavoring added to the sushi donut. I consider this more of a snack than a meal.Price:Originally, the price was only around $8/$9 but now it went up to almost $11 :(. I guess compared to other poke places, it was relatively cheap. I definitely went often before the price change. The donut was around $6 which is not bad, but still a good amount for a college student. OVERALL:Would I order them again? Yes, at least the poke bowlWould I go back again? Yes, because it's convenient for me. Right on Pitt's campus.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A fantastic sushi place with great quality. I have been here several times and always enjoy the food. During COVID, the takeout experience has been good as well. We ordered online and went to pick up and it was really nice that there was a table right at the door to pick up and pay for the food without entering the restaurant. Each roll we got was awesome, definitely stop by if you can!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordered the spicy tuna poke bowl. Came with spicy tuna chunks and spicy tuna tartare on the other side to compliment. Really like that they had seaweed salad as a topping Unlike poke only places, hard to customize and doesn't come with sauce on top. But they will gladly give you sauce if you ask for itWill definitely be back", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "this unassuming sushi spot is a hidden gem among the chain restaurants of oakland.my salmon poke bowl came with a generous portion of fresh, tasty fish and the other toppings (edamame, masago, seaweed salad, crab salad over sushi rice and spring mix) were flavorful and plentiful, and were well worth what I paid. (bonus: 10% discount right now if you pay cash!) the bowl was ready in just a few minutes. the upstairs seating area is well lit, has a giant window, and was bustling but didn't feel crowded during our saturday night dinner. most people ate quickly and left but we didn't feel rushed as our group hung out and talked. other groups did the same.the staff is friendly - they laughed and joked around with each other and me as i waited for my friends to arrive. when my friend (who is a regular) arrived, the ENTIRE staff recognized her and greeted her as a friend!i thought i would never find good sushi in pittsburgh when i moved here 5 years ago but mount everest has changed that. their delicious and fresh options and wonderful service in a landscape of greasy chain restaurants makes it worth a stop!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My husband ordered for me. He ordered two house special poke bowls. It came with lots of Tuna and Salmon meat. The sushi was nice and sticky. I have never had a poke bowl before and was a little overwhelmed by the heat. Would I order it again, no. Maybe I'm a plain Jane though. We placed our ordered and received our food in a reasonable time. I can't wait to go back and try an eel roll.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The best sushi in Pittsburgh, literally. Don't waste your hard earned money any where else. Fresh fishes, daily specials, and affordable prices. Hole in wall near Pitt. The owners are always super kind and friendly. We eat here maybe 2-3 a month and it never disappoints. They know what we want every time. We always order the steeler roll, hamachi Kama (grilled yellowtail neck) served on a bed of rice and side of salad, yellowtail jalapeño appetizer and salmon Yuzu. Today they had uni and the uni itself deserves a whopping 5 stars! Go go go!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A nice place to go for a quick and no-so-greasy lunch in Oakland! Becoming one of my favorite spots for casual sushi. The service is friendly and fast!Everything is very fresh and and the have a variety of options along with the the classics. I tend to go for the tuna poke bowl - which comes with great flavor and a good balance with rice and spring mix. I always struggle to finish because it's big - but don't want to waste any! We tried the Mount Everest roll on our last visit - very tasty and filling, too! All of their plates come out with a flower... very instagramable", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I used to live in South Oakland and I passed by this place many times. I never ordered food there because I don't like eating raw fish and I thought they only had those options. My friends told me their sushi is really good so I decided to give it a shot. I ordered their Spider Roll and it was amazing. I loved the crunchy texture of the crab with the soft avocado pieces. I noticed they have rice bowls with pork or beef so I will definitely try it next time! I would say the prices are a little bit expensive but it definitely beats the bland store-bought sushi.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'UPDATEService is still amazing as ever. I owed $20.70 for two salmon poke bowls but I misunderstood and paid $20.17  But he was really nice about to and allowed to may him short a couple cents. It may not seem like much, but I personally take it as a big Service!The salmon is quality, very fresh! And the portion is generous as are the owners. i always have such a positive experience.Highly recommend!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So happy to have found a sushi spot this good in Pittsburgh. Wish I could buy stock in this place because I'm going to be spending a lot of money here in the future.The restaurant is not an upscale, pretentious setting whatsoever. You order downstairs and head upstairs where they will bring you your order. No waiters or waitresses, no fancy decor, the focus here is where it belongs, the food!I ordered the sushi special A, which was a small assortment of nigiri and California roll, the sushi donuts, and 4 spicy tuna rolls. All of this was about $45 and well worth it. The rice is perfect, the fish is outstanding, and in such a laid back environment I think this place is going to be hard to beat when it comes to damn good sushi. I know campus can be a pain in the butt to park on and navigate but this place is worth the trouble. The staff was very nice and I am already planning my next trip back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The place is run with disorganization, this means that you may need to wait long time to get your order and keep on reminding them of your order. The food quality is average and prices are a bit above average. It is a place I won't return.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I just finished playing workout and needed a protein boost! I ended up getting the salmon sushi bowl with a friend. There was so much to enjoy in the bowl. I definitely didn't want it to be too salty with my hypertension issues so I was glad it wasn't an issue. The ingredients are raw so don't be alarmed. I was skeptical but I was full and replenished afterwards. Imitation crab, salmon, and edamame with rice did the job for me! Plenty of greens as well for the health conscious folk in the yelp community. It is a bit pricey but I can't complain too much. I definitely wouldn't be able to make it myself lol.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Definitely my favorite sushi place in Oakland!! The Orochi Roll is my favorite thing ever. The service is great, the people are super nice and friendly and even know me by name and order. Sitting upstairs is super cute and easy, and usually the food is brought out to you quickly. Would definitely recommend!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I stopped here for lunch early on Saturday afternoon. We ordered sushi tacos, sushi doughnuts an Everest roll and some nigiri sushi. When ordering be careful to check the quantity. The doughnuts and tacos come in pairs. We ended up with way to much food. They tacos were served up first. The were excellent. The guacamole was super fresh and the combo of fish, veggies and guac blended together perfectly.  Next up was the Everest roll and the nigiri.  The roll was just ok.  Nothing bad, just your typical sushi roll. The nigiri on the other hand was melt in your mouth amazing.  We only had salmon and tuna sushi but it was on par with anything I've had and I've had tons.  Next up the sushi doughnuts.  It's hard to explain what they are. Just look at my pictures.  They were hard to eat because they fell apart when you bit into them. They tasted amazing, just a little messy. The only strike against this place is the decor. It's not very nice inside. The upstairs ceiling had wires hanging  from it and it was beat up looking.  It was not dirty. It was just the absolute minimal effort to make it work.  It is Oakland so I'll give the decor a pass, student tend to be a little destructive.All in all this is an excellent sushi place. I will definitely go back!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is an amazing establishment for sushi and for the ever-growing poke trend. their bowls are wonderful fresh and delicious the prices are incredibly reasonable I would recommend this place to anybody in the surrounding Oakland area. Will def return for round 2!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'They always get the order right with modifications and their fish is very fresh. We always order the Steeler Roll.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Really really good sushi in Oakland close to the hospitals. Do yourself a favor and step away from your desk or patients (safely of course!) and take a stroll down to Mount Everest sushi.I ordered spicy salmon, tuna, and two other combo rolls and they were all delicious with a beautiful presentation. There was plenty for 2 of us. I will definitely be ordering again. Next time I'll probably try the poke bowl. It looked yummy.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been wanting to come here for a while and wish I came sooner! The salmon poke bowl was filling, fresh, and affordable. The flavors worked great together and all of the components were dressed well. I would definitely come back for the poke bowls as well as to try the sushi. Would highly recommend Mount Everest Sushi for a quick lunch or dinner! They have a catering menu with large sushi trays, too. Since the restaurant is small, you can always take your food to Schenley Plaza and eat outside.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "When I was an undergrad at Pitt, I used to frequent Sushi Boat often. Back then, it was a low key, cheap establishment for tasty noodle bowls, soups, and basic sushi. Now, it appears to have been revamped  into Mount Everest Sushi - the same level of tastiness but with a fresher look and more focused menu! The service is quick (each visit, I've seen two men working the front - looks like they work off each other to take turns preparing the food, taking orders, delivering food to tables, and cashing people out). I've tried the Salmon Poké, Sushi donut, and the Mount Everest roll here. The poké bowl is a very very, generous serving - a big bowl of rice, greens, seaweed salad, edamame, masago, and of course, salmon. Very fresh and definitely enough for a hearty and balanced meal. The sushi donut is very cute and a good portion for a light meal or snack. Priced at $6.75 for two, it's a great deal! The Mount Everest Roll was also huge and delicious.The interior is pretty bright and colorful. Like what they used to have for Sushi Boat, the menu is written on the chalkboard to the right when entering the restaurant, but for Mount Everest, they've organized & cleaned up the menu more, added some basic descriptions, and made it more colorful.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Quick update: this is my latest obsession in the area and satisfies all my sushi cravings!! Had to try the *sushi doughnut*. Smaller in size than I had expected, but so rich in taste! The sushi is fresh and artfully crafted. I think the vibrant colors attest to the freshness. It's a not as easy to eat as regular-way styled sushi, but I recommend taking a bite with some fish, avocado, rice, and seaweed on the bottom for the full experience! Only waited for what felt like 5-10 min. Perfect for my college budget & very accessible (situated in the heart of Oakland)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Some of the best sushi/ sashimi I have ever had. I decided to come here for lunch before my flight out of Pittsburgh. The meal here made me wish I had discovered this place earlier. The restaurant is more of a take out/ order and pay at the counter type. Seatings downstairs is very limited but they do have pretty good seatings upstairs. The people that work here are extremely nice. One of the guys even offered to carry my luggage upstairs. I decided to order the sashimi assortments B and the sushi donuts. This was way too much food for one person and I am sure I could have gotten full off just the sushi donuts, which were only $6. The sashimi came with variety of fishes, 3 pieces from each kind of fish. These were some of the freshest sashimi I have ever had. The presentation of the plate was phenomenal and was an art of its own. The sushi donuts were also fresh and delicious. I thought that the donut concept was so creative to the sushi game. I loved the spicy tuna on the donuts. All of the food came out super quickly. For all of the food I got, my order came out to be around $25. I highly recommend this place for some good sushi. I think it is a great addition to the Oakland area and is a great choice for college students who are on a budget.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I ordered 2 spicy California rolls and this is the amount of spicy sauce that came on the rolls.......come on.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had their sushi twice. It's not good. I don't understand the good reviews - college kids who don't know what good sushi is, maybe? There are far superior places in Pittsburgh for sushi!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'First time here. Visited with a colleague that has been before. Great recommendations: Poke bowl. However, I ordered the Mt Everest sushi roll and ginger salad. My roll was delicious. But I had false perceptions about my "ginger" salad. It had a soy sauce based dressing that I didn\'t care for. I was anticipating ginger based dressing. All things said-I will definitely return to try more.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordered a dragon roll and am pleased with how it came out.Flavor is great and service was very fast! I waited about 5 min.Overall amazing little sushi place in Oakland. My only complaint is pricing, but for flavor I'll definitely be returning to satisfy my sushi cravings!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'First off, not only is the staff fantastic and the music fantastic but the fish is FRESH and delicious. I recently got a Poke bowl from a popular restaurant in Oakland, and the tuna was so old it TURNED TO MUSH as I bit into it. I ended up tossing 90% of the fish- so needless to say I was nervous about this Tuna Poke bowl.  And I told the owner this, upon hearing this he said "If my tuna is old, I swear to you free food everyday!" And he sliced  me a piece of tuna. People- IT WAS DIVINE. It was the perfect texture of Ahi tuna. Not smelly, not chewy and mushy. It was legitimately incredible. I have eaten sushi all over the world, and only twice has a chef offered a sample of the fish prior to purchase. The first time was in Tokyo, Japan and the second in this establishment.   This act of kindness and decency truly sold this place for me. When an owner/ chef not only "talks the talk", but puts it out there for you to sample: this is the real deal. My friends, you have many options for "sushi" in Pittsburgh. But I can tell you this place offers sanitary ( this is crucial with raw fish), and delicious food delivered with a smile. Also, the playlist here is incredible. If you\'re looking for fresh and delicious sushi, not mechanically rolled, not frozen and past the due date, not handed to you with an eye roll than this is the place for you! P.S. I live in Monroeville, but work in Robinson. I leave work early to avoid the commute, and yet I drove into Oakland to get this sushi. Yes, you read that correct: I have a two tunnel rush hour commute and I chose to drive into Oakland for this food. And you know what? It was worth every second. What are you waiting for? Go get you something delicious and actually worth your money! Pittsburgh has finally gotten an upgrade. Get yourself sushi of quality and worth your  hard earned money!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great casual dining spot downtown for some quick no-frills sushi.Looked tiny initially but theres an upstairs seating area with at least another 4-5 tables.  There were no daily specials when I went in for lunch so potentially a dinner or weekend thing.Prices seemed a little higher than expected given that it's order at counter type, but I was proved wrong.  My specialty roll was huge! And on top of that really good!  I got the Mount Everest and piece felt packed and the texture of the fish felt fresh.TBH, there was waaaaaay too much sauce on my sushi. Like drowned, like horribly drowned I used a spoon to scoop off.  But IDK I still had such a satisfactory meal that I'd totally come back.  Oh, dunno if they would refill ginger and wasabi for you, guess you can ask but its not service-based since you pay up-front.  Was a hassle cause I sat upstairs.  I like at least 3 refills of ginger . Wana go back to try nigiri! Feel like I didn't properly taste the flavor of the fishies.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good food for a good price! Visited with two friends. I ordered the Boston roll, which had shrimp, cucumber, and avocado. Service was fast, and we didn't have to wait long for the food. My roll was pretty basic, but it was fresh and filling nonetheless. Last time I came, I got the sushi donuts, and I would highly recommend that for those wanting to try something special. I would argue that it may not be worth it to order the more regular-style rolls for the price, but sushi donuts I would highly recommend.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place replaced the old, somewhat run-down, Chinese and sushi joint that seemed somehow confused about its identity. Now the inside doesn\'t look like it\'s changed much, but the menu looks fresh and more innovative--while this is still primarily a sushi place, they also like to highlight their poke bowls, "sushi tacos," and "sushi donuts." I have not tried those latter two creations, but from a first impression the poke bowls are fantastic. They are huge for what you pay, everything\'s fresh from the fish to the vegetable to the rice, and there\'s great flavor all around. Most importantly, it\'s not just "sushi in a rice bowl," which is the closest thing that you can get in a neighboring establishment.They offer several different bowls, each with a different type of fish, but even that aside the combination of vegetables and salad will vary for each. For example, the salmon bowl seemed to be more lightly seasoned and also contained roe, so that the whole thing tasted a bit more "fishy," while the great white bowl (albacore) was aa bit heavier on the sauces. The picture here shows only a handful of ingredients, including both crab and seaweed salad and bonito flakes, but there are a lot of vegetables and a bed of sushi rice lying underneath, not to mention more fish.This is definitely an awesome addition to the Oakland restaurant scene, bringing something new and a bit more "refined" but not in a way that gentrifies out the mostly student customer base.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fast, inexpensive, tasty. Ordered a salmon poke bowl, got it in under 5 minutes. Very generous amount of salmon. Topped with edememe and seaweed salad, greens, it was filling.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food is excellent! The raw fish was fresh, and you get a large portion of food. I've tried the salmon poke bowl, and the tuna poke bowl. Both were incredibly delicious and flavorful. My go-to is definitely the salmon poke bowl because of the price and size (under $10). There have been inconsistencies of the flavoring of the food sometimes though. The salad dressing on the greens can be overpowering at times -- slightly too acidic. Otherwise, I've been fairly pleasant with the quality of the food and the friendly staff. Food: 5/5Price: 5/5Portion Size: 5/5", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is a gem. Went with my family on a Sunday at around 3, and there wasn't anyone else in the restaurant. Bad sign? Not at all. We started off with the tuna tacos, and they were amazing. They tasted SO fresh, and they had the perfect ratio of fish and fresh veggies, as well as being seasoned perfectly. I then got the tuna poke bowl, and it honestly blew my mind. There were two different types of tuna in the bowl- chunk tuna and, for lack of my knowledge on sushi terms, mushy tuna (not a bad mushy though!!). It also had seaweed salad, peppers, onions, lettuce (good spring mix), and white rice. It was so filling, so yummy, so fresh. I can't get over how good it was. If I wasn't concerned about mercury poisoning I'd eat it every day.It was so good that a few days later I went again to try the salmon poke bowl. It had chunk salmon and, I believe, imitation crab, plus all the fixings from the tuna bowl. SO GOOD. You guys I'm obsessed with this place. The fish is so fresh and the employees are so nice. You have to make it a point to come here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This will be short. This is a truly quality place with a very casual atmosphere. I'm so happy that they've opened in Pittsburgh.Price-point is right in line with most other sushi places in PGH, quality is quite a bit higher.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food: pretty typical sushi, nothing very special, small roll for the price of itPrice: the rolls were a little pricey for being so small Service: food came very quick and employees are friendlySeating/atmosphere: decent amount of seating (most of it is upstairs), clean, not very fancy Miscellaneous: I have heard people rave about the poke bowl, so I think I need to try that! It is possible that the sushi wasn't as great quality because I got there around an hour before close.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place sells delicious sushi at an affordable price. The owners and chef are super kind, and they are willing to make accommodations/modifications. The sushi is fresh and delicious. Sorry but the place next door (which I won\'t actually name) is not "real" sushi, but Mount Everest definitely is! This isn\'t my favorite sushi restaurant in Pittsburgh, but it is one of the best and one of the most reasonably-priced.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Name, food and style are confusing. Raw fish and Mt Everest?  This place serves Hawaii style bowl (poke) that is different than most other places. There is Korean and Japanese style across the street, but this one is Hawaiian. Had the tuna bowl and salmon bowl. The bowl has lots of salad. Greens : rice ratio is like 2:1.  Fish are ok. Decent but certainly not best in town.  Lots of nuts in the tuna and salmon bowl. So be careful if you are allergic to that.Also had their Special Poke Bowl. No nuts in this one.  But, raw tuna + raw salmon + raw onion + raw green pepper + raw red pepper + cooked rice.  The amount of rice is more than tuna / salmon bowl, dont know if they changed recipe or what.  Sauce is slightly hot and sour.  Worth a try, but do not expect it to be Japanese / Korean style because this poke is not.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have to admit, for takeout, they were unbelievably quick.Furthermore, the price in comparison to the portion for the poke bowls is an absolute steal. I actually came here while still recovering from some nasty bug I got from eating sushi somewhere else, so I was really weary and unable to eat much in the first place from nausea. To my surprise, everything was so fresh that it actually made me feel loads better. That's honestly unheard of.The quality of the fish here is incredibly fresh and I will certainly return as soon as I can. The poke bowls and sushi donuts have won my heart.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My boyfriend has never had sushi and I have never had sushi from an actual sushi place and so I was shocked to see there was a hole in the wall sushi place like Mount Everest right on campus. We ordered the Mount Everest roll and the Allison roll which has more than a kick to it and I swear I've been having sushi cravings ever since and might have to go back again tonight. Really fresh fish, no aftertaste, amazing presentation even to go! Definitely worth the price!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My boyfriend and I were looking for something different to order for dinner last week. As we were checking Yelp, he said "this place has sushi donuts." I said say no more and and off we were to Oakland. This place is very small and easy to miss. We got there around 7:30 pm on a Tuesday and no one else was in the restaurant. We ordered an order of sushi donuts (each order comes with 2), I ordered the salmon poke bowl, and my bf ordered the Monster roll. Our food was delicious! The ingredients were fresh and flavorful. I\'m craving this place again as I\'m typing this review. I will definitely be back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The first time I came here, I got a couple of sushi rolls which were excellent but a little bit out of my price range (I find sushi to be more expensive in Pittsburgh than I am used to in general, so I don't blame this on Mount Everest). However, I saw another customer order a poke bowl, and that has been my go to order ever since.Everything about their poke bowls are TO DIE FOR. The rice is perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the toppings are fresh and delicious. I especially like the salmon poke bowl with spicy crab, edamame, and seaweed salad. For less than $11, it is a very large portion. I've eaten there and also ordered delivery and the quality is always great regardless!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We visited Mt Everest for a little snack based on the Yelp reviews. We grabbed some white tuna shashimi and nigiri but wanted something different. The 2 tacos for $6.95 were recommended. A simple hard taco shell was filled with a lovely cerviche like mix of tuna, salmon, avocado and other good things. What a deal for $6.95!  If I had just ordered the nigiri I would have probably given the restaurant 4 stars.  But the taco (and the friendly service) pushed me to 5 stars. My daughter (a Pitt student) will have to try the other dishes for us since we live south of Seattle, WA. I'm sure she won't be disappointed!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place isn't that great as far as high-end sushi goes.  This is more one of those places you take kids or teenagers for sushi.  I was not impressed with the quality of the fish (especially the nigiri) and I wouldn't be surprised if they were using fish that has dye or coloring added (white fish masquerading as Tuna, etc).  All the fish tasted the same.Don't bother trying the sushi/nigiri.  The sushi rice is nothing special (usually vinegar rice, etc, here it was just plain white rice).Mediocre sushi at inflated prices.  Won't come again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is awesome if you are ever in Pittsburgh. It is close to Carnegie Mellon and around some shopping places. The staff are extremely and the food is yummy. The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because of the ambiance. When I went the first floor didn't have air conditioning which made it very hot and sticky. Upstairs had air but sadly there were some flies.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered take out from Mount Everest Sushi last week, when I had an intense sushi craving. I ordered their avocado roll, cucumber roll and their boston roll (cooked shrimp, cucumber, and avocado). I also ordered a miso soup. The take out presentation was honestly gorgeous. They gave me a large black container filled with sushi and with wasabi and ginger in the middle with a large decorative flower in the middle as well. The sushi was absolutely delicious. It was fresh and flavorful and held together nicely. The ginger isn't dyed pink, which I loved and prefer. The miso soup was good, but I don't know if I would order it again. I ordered through yelp, which was incredibly easy and took no more than 20 minutes from start to finish. I will absolutely order from here again!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious sushi! Got several different rolls. The only cons are that it not as cheap as it says and the rolls all came on one tray and during COVID 19 that is not practical. Pleased my pallet but broke my pocket!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The best sushi restaurant I have ever had in Pittsburgh!! I really love their poke bowls, their rolls also look very creative.I've heard their sushi donuts are also famous, will try them next time!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Not expensive, there's seating upstairs, and really appreciated how personal the chef was when I came with family. The Salmon Poke Bowl is delicious and not surprisingly filling, because it's huge. There's not as much poke as I would like, but there are a lot of other toppings/ingredients and they are deliciousss. The crab in the Salmon bowl and even the rice is good! Tip: it's take out but I also saw the chef seat people and take their orders! This was all in Chinese though. I'd say it's still mostly take out/ order then seat.", 'review_rating': None}]