Information about Oishii Bento{"businesses": [{"id": "kkD0tv_e5E6a8kRpLYEcaA", "alias": "oishii-bento-pittsburgh", "name": "Oishii Bento", "image_url": "https://s3-media4.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/aY0ROzJu-cNdjp3VtoLe6g/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/oishii-bento-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 351, "categories": [{"alias": "japanese", "title": "Japanese"}, {"alias": "korean", "title": "Korean"}, {"alias": "sushi", "title": "Sushi Bars"}], "rating": 4.0, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.4418999, "longitude": -79.95714}, "transactions": ["delivery", "pickup"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "119 Oakland Ave", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["119 Oakland Ave", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14126873335", "display_phone": "(412) 687-3335", "distance": 274.9584945073559}], "total": 12, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Bulgogi Bento,Spicy Pork Bento,Galbi Bento,Teriyaki Bowl,Bulgogi Bowl,Spicy Pork Bowl,Teriyaki Bento,Chicken Katsu Bento,Chicken Bowl,Beef Bowl,Unagi Bowl,
[{'review_text': "Always hits the spot when I want something quick that also tastes fresh and yummy. Plenty of seating upstairs too that is nice if you don't wanna do takeout.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My sons and I stopped here in July 2023 for a casual lunch before going on a visiting student tour at Pitt.  This is a pretty good option for casual Korean lunch dishes (bento boxes) for take out. The restaurant itself is feels cramped but is conveniently located in Oakland within the heart of the University of Pittsburgh\'s campus.  I would say that finding nearby street parking at lunch is a major challenge here.  It\'s easier to park a few blocks away (we found  spots close to the business school) and then walk back 10-15 minutes.  I tried the chicken katsu dish (which is basically fried chicken bits with rice), but my sons enjoyed the bulgogi dish.  The portions of food are larger than you might expect (it can be saved for a future meal).  Once you order at the front register, you\'ll receive a number and can stay in the waiting area until they call out the order number (we waited for 15 minutes).  I\'m guessing that many Pitt students and staff place their "to go" orders for convenient pickup during the academic year.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Since I had never been here before, and also don't know very much about Korean food, I chose the first item on the menu, the bulgogi beef bento box. It didn't take too long during a busy lunch hour and was delicious, but I was jealous that my dining partner got cucumber in her bowl (I forget the name). Next time, I'll get a bowl. TL;DR: Bento boxes are for meat lovers, while bowls are for veggie lovers.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been a student at Pitt for 3 years now, and this was my first time trying Oishii bento! Very impressed, and sad that I didn't try it before! I got the beef bulgogi bento box with rice, japche, pickled radish, and vegetable dumplings. (Online it says that it comes with kimchi too, but seems to be outdated info). Food took a little while to come out, but the food was hot and fresh!! I could totally tell that they cooked it to order. Normally I would have taken my food to go, but I decided to eat inside. There's a small seating area upstairs (probably about 15-20 seats at various sized tables). Workers were fairly nice, and the food was reasonably priced for the portion. My bento box was $14 ($15 with tax) and was very filling. Can't wait to come back and try more from this place!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Oishii bento hits the spot, that cannot be denied especially as a college student! If you want a filling and reasonably priced meal, def come here. I have been here constant times and I have tried the spicy pork bento, bulgogi bento, bibimbap, unagi bowl, galbi bento, and tonkatsu bowl! They were all super delicious, but I have to say my favorite is the spicy pork bento. You get a generous portion of meat and sides like dumplings, japchae, and radish!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Legit Korean! I had the Bulgogi Bibimbap and for $11, it was yummy n good portion! Great way to have a quick Korean fix!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Causal restaurant with great Korean/ Japanese food! If you're looking for a quick bite in Oakland by pitt campus that also tastes great this is a perfect spotMy go to order is the Katsu Don bowl fried pork cutlet with eggs and onions over rice. They also have udon, bento boxes with different sides, and a variety of bowl options with different meats. All of them taste great and things are clearly labeled if they are spicy. You get to order at the counter and then you get an order number. There is a seating/ waiting area downstairs. And there are several tables upstairs. There is a sign that lists the order numbers when they're ready upstairs and downstairs which is very convenient. They also have some outdoor seating!Staff are very friendly and help! Overall great place to eat.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fantastic lunch spot! I had the tofu teriyaki bento when I went, and I couldn't be happier. It was savory, and having it in a box was great because it allowed me to mix the rice and additives the way I wanted. I loved every bite! The portion wasn't enormous, but it was big enough to leave me with a few leftovers for a later meal. The restaurant itself is very narrow and fills up quickly with other customers. This can make it pretty loud, so be prepared to speak up if you decide to dine-in. However, though it's a little hard to find the front of the line and a spot to wait for your order, these guys have set up an efficient system for quickly cooking up your order and notifying you when it's ready. Just remember to hold onto the number they give you, since that's the number they display on a board both upstairs and downstairs when it's ready for you. Definitely a fan of this rather than someone shouting out numbers over a noisy crowd. Overall, it's great and I'd recommend it to anyone visiting Pitt!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "What an amazing hidden gem in Oakland! Oishii Bento may become one of my go to lunch spots while I'm still a college student, and I wish I would have found out about it sooner! As soon as you walk in, you get an authentic feel to this Japanese restaurant. They had free Barley tea available to the customers which speaks volumes to their overall hospitality! I ordered the Bulgolgi Bento Box and asked for it spicy! The bento box came with a VERY generous portion of bulgolgi, along side of rice, Japchae, two vegetable dumplings, radish pickles, and the choice of kimchi, salad, or miso soup. Since it was a cold day in Pittsburgh, I opted for the Miso Soup. Everything here was absolutely delicious, and there wasn't even a grain of rice left in my box when I finished! I can't wait to come back here and try some of their other bento boxes or even their bowls. This place was busy when I was here, but I only had to wait around 10 minutes for my food which is not bad at all! They offer upstairs seating to customers, which made the experience even better because this was a surprise to me! I can't wait to be back here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Really great for vegetarians or vegans! You can sub out the meat on anything. I always get the teriyaki bowl with tofu and have them skip the onions. Ordering sometimes takes a while but they have seating upstairs where you can track your order number or you can wait downstairs and they have free water and tea available.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oishii Bento is definitely my favorite restaurant in Oakland. I have eaten there the most since I moved to Oakland and never once have I been disappointed.The bento boxes are delicious and stacked to the top, their katsu fried perfectly, their udon is incredibly flavorful and savory, the rice is nice and fluffy, and all for an amazing price.The service is quick and efficient, the restaurant is clean and welcoming, and the atmosphere is cozy with their own private seating area. The only problem is it's sometimes too loud but that's only because of how popular and filled this restaurant is!I highly recommend coming here for delicious and authentic tasting Japanese food. And I personally recommend getting one of the bento boxes or the chicken katsu udon.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Normally I really like this place but they must have changed chefs during pandemic or something. Every time we order from here now it seems something is either wrong or missing and this last time it was just plan awful. The teriyaki beef is hard to get wrong at any location but they managed to do it. There was barely any veggies this time and more than half of  the beef was burned! They must not know consuming burnt food can lead to cancer.Also, in case you're thinking of ordering delivery or pick up. Their online prices are WAY higher than ordering in store or by phone. Galbi bento was almost $5 higher, Chicken Katsu $3 higher, and this beef teriyaki was about $4 higher if I ordered online thru Uber (even for pick up).In summery: order pick up in store, and check your order before you leave.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is my first meal in Pittsburgh. Judging from the appearance, I believe you can already imagine the tasty flavor. Really recommend this place', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great for takeout-- I ordered this while walking out of my nearby office and it was ready by the time I got into the restaurant. Delicious and filling, I'll absolutely pick this up on the way home for nights I don't feel like cooking dinner again soon!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Noticed a good review so gave it a try.  A very good choice if you are expecting a street vendor or hearty takeout.  Food was ample but beef was tough.  Overall acceptable for outside seating but don't expect them to go out of their way.  Seating upstairs is dungeonesk!  This restaurant has the makings of a nice place...NEEDS MANAGED!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good food, love the bento boxes. All meals have a lot of food available at a good price. Nice vegetarian (tofu, vegetable) options too. Good for eat-in dining or takeout. I've been several times and would recommend as a fast casual asian food option", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Service is fast and staff is super kind. They deserve a bigger store. Portions are pretty good for the price and I love to go here once a week', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I honestly didn't even know this place existed because it's so small but WOW. My boyfriend and I had to limit our selves to once a week I get the same thing every time and I would rather go here instead of a fancy restaurant. I get the bento box w/ ton katsu and oh my goodness I can't stop eat it. Highly recommend!!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food is so good. Good amount and filling serving. Lots of different protein options for bento and bowls. Really good kimchi too.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very good prices for the portions of food they give out in their bentos and bowls!I personally wish they would give us the option to dip the tonkatsu instead of them splashing the sauce over the katsu before serving, but I don't really mind. The food here tastes really good  . Everything from the side dishes to the tonkatsu (miso soup is a smidge too salty) is honestly amazing.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Whenever I have had a stressful week, I crave Oishii's Spicy Tofu Teriyaki bowl. The tofu is cooked perfectly and the sauce is delicious. I also love the spicy tofu teriyaki bento box, which comes with Japanese pickled radish, one side of your choosing, japchae, and dumplings. I can never finish it all but it is definitely the way to get the best bang for your buck, and it saves well. Oishii's bibimbab is also awesome!The employees are always nice and welcoming. It's usually busy and it takes a little while for them to prepare your food, so I recommend calling ahead for pick-up if you want to grab your food and go.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My wife and I were strolling along Forbes and feeling a little hungry. We wanted something to share and this was perfect thing! For $9.00 this is a pretty decent amount of food and the wait wasn't terribly long either. :)The rice was a little dry (maybe it had been sitting too long), but the meal was served hot and the egg and beef were well cooked and well seasoned. Would love to come back and try more of the menu!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Best Korean food in Pittsburgh. The prices are decent as well. I ate there for years while a student at Pitt.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'good food at such an affordable price!! u get a big bowl of pretty authentic korean food', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oishii is one of the better places to eat in Oakland and certainly the most reasonably priced/quickest place to get a decent Korean food fix.I've been here on multiple occasions and the food is satisfyingly consistent. My go-to is the Spicy Pork Bento which comes with a huge portion of rice, spicy-sweet pork, japchae (glass noodle dish), two fried dumplings, some radish, and your choice of kimchi, miso soup, or salad. I always go for salad because I like the dressing and it's refreshing with the rest of the meal! Though pricier than many other options in Oakland, the bento lasts me at least 2 (if not 3 meals when I add some kimchi or sides at home) which makes it well worth the price!It's usually crowded and buzzing on the ground floor to order with a pack of people waiting for takeout, but I've always been able to find a table in the small upstairs dining area. Pop upstairs and grab a table and some water or hot barley tea - your order might take a while and there's an additional screen upstairs for displaying order numbers ready for pickup.  Service is mostly limited to your order and transaction, so don't expect much - you're here for the food.For a quick meal to satisfy your comfort Korean food cravings or a budget-friendly place to meet up with friends, Oishii is a great pick!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came here for the first time for dinner.  Ordered the Hwe dup bop and my friend ordered the pork tonkatsu bento with a side of kimchi and miso soup and a bottle of water.  Total came out to around $30.What's Hot- Location.  It's in Oakland and conveniently located near other locations, which is helpful.- Menu variety.  There appears to be something for everyone- meats, tofu, seafood, and veggies.  There are bento boxes with rice, udon (noodle soup), sushi rolls, and appetizers.  Not bad.- Prices.  Pretty reasonable.  Because my dish has sashimi, it cost $15, which is more than the average dish.  However, that's not too expensive.  Their rolls that have raw fish cost more, as well, but that's to be expected.  My friend's pork tonkatsu box cost around $10, but it also came with a side (he chose miso soup), gyoza (fried potstickers), a few pieces of daikon (pickled radish), rice, and japcahe (Korean rice noodles).- Portions.  Both my dish and my friend's dish were a pretty good size.  Enough to make us full, but not stuffed.  What's Not- The sashimi was still slightly frozen.  There were 3 types of fish/sashimi in my bowl.  All 3 fish had ice crystals when I was eating.  This didn't allow me to taste the flavor of the sashimi very well.  Leads me to believe they're not very well prepared and it also leads me to believe if they use frozen fish in their sushi rolls.  It detracts from the quality of the food.- No seating on the first floor.  The only seating are a couple of benches for you to wait for your food, and short bar table with 2 high chairs.  It isn't much.  A couple other places on the same block have a decent seating area on the first floor.  Not this place.  Makes it difficult and cramped.- Wait time.  We waited over 15 minutes for our food, which technically isn't bad.  However, given the quality of the food, especially my sashimi, it wasn't worth it.  - Prices.  For the most part, the food is reasonably priced.  However, my friend ordered a side of kimchi for a couple of dollars and it came in a little container that's meant for sauce!  It was super tiny and definitely not enough.  This container was smaller than the dish that my sashimi sauce came in.  What's up with that?  For the most part, their prices seem reasonable, but I'm very hesitant to order some dishes for the sake of trying it.- Portions.  As I mentioned regarding the price of the side of kimchi, it is not worth $2 for an itty bitty side of kimchi.  While the portions of their dishes seem to be ok for the most part, it does not seem to apply to all their dishes.  Final AnswerWilling to come back, but not a first choice.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Just a short walk from Presbyterian Hospital is the small "Oishii Korean and Japanese style lunchbox". I was greeted as soon as I stepped into the restaurant and there was no line at 10 minutes to noon.There are so many interesting dishes on the menu including bento, udon and rice bowls. I was craving sushi on this warm day so I ordered a salmon avacado roll ($5) and seaweed salad ($3). The roll is beautiful and delicious. Everything is fresh! An equal amount of fish & avocado is in each piece, which is a sizeable mouthful. The sushi rice has nice flavor so you don\'t need soy sauce imho. The wasabi paste is not weak! The seaweed salad smells fresh, has the lovely crunch that I crave and is a nice portion. Overall a great experience and at great price you know I\'ll be back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Delicious Korean food when you're a student on the go. Super fresh, teriyaki bowls are my go to here, can't go wrong with them! Enjoy :)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great food. The bugagi bowl is awesome. The parking is horrible. If you can find a place to park it is definitely worth the trip.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'For the price, the amount of food is worth it. Flavors are always good and up to my expectation. I think my friends beef was a little tough. I enjoyes the mixed veggies. I love the owner! She is really sweet.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love this place so much.  Anything I order here is delicious !  I work in the area and if I'm ever ordering out for lunch you'll most likely find me here getting a tonkatsu bowl with a side of seaweed salad.  This is a breaded and crispy pork dish with a sweet plum sauce.  The serving sizes are always more than I can handle, which makes leftovers something I look forward to ;).  I can't express how much I LOVE this place.  I've been going here for years and I've never been disappointed! As for their menu they serve Korean and Japanese cuisine.  They have fresh sushi and I am not positive on this but I think they also own the store next door called chicken n bubbly that serves double fried chicken wings.  The receipt that comes from Oishi can usually give you a discount on the boba next door.  A couple of other dishes I've tried (but not pictured) include: bulgogi, bibimbap, teriyaki, udon noodles, and just about almost all the sushi options.  They also have interesting specials!  This is a great spot for students and professionals in the area.  I'm a big big fan", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "** Affordable Korean and Japanese food that tastes authentic and great sized portions. Great spot for college students to take to go or sit upstairs. Oshii was one of the first restaurants I ate at in Pittsburgh, and it has always been one of my go to spots. It's consistent - everytime you go you know what to expect and the food delivers everytime. Not to mention, I am satisfied with all the prices there, as well as the portions (especially on the katsu don). What also stands out is that it fills you up but tastes clean - doesn't feel heavy and make you feel gross after. Typically I order katsu don which has pork, egg, and onion over rice which gives good variety compared to other things like the bulgogi bowl that is mainly just meat over rice. Sometimes I order the kalbi bento, (around $13) which is pricier but very tender and juicy. Bi Bim bap is another great dish for variety, gives you a decent amount of veggies to go with everything. You can also order online before hand so you save time.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oishii is one of, if not my favorite restaurant by Pitt campus. There's weeks where I get oishii consistently multiple times throughout the week. My go-to order has to be a spicy bulgogi bowl with a side of kimchi, seaweed salad, and the yellow radish. Although the wait can run a little long (be prepared in case you are in a rush), the food is always consistent and delicious. I will definitely always be coming back here for a super filling and flavorful comfort meal.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Excellent bulgogi bibimbap and spicy pork bowl. Prices are very reasonable, portions are big, and service is very fast. The only thing leaving something to be desired is the limited seating arrangement.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love Oishii Bento!  One of my favorite places to eat on campus.   The bibimbap and katsu don are some of my favorites, but I like trying something new every time I go.   It takes a little time to get your food if you do takeout, so if you're in a rush call ahead!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I had the bulgogi bento box.  Very solid tastes and the portion is nice.  The kimchi has a nice bite but I like mine a touch sweeter.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oishi bento is probably where I've spent the most money while living in Oakland. They are consistently good. In the teriyaki bowl the rice is high quality and cooked perfectly, the mix of veggies are nice. They prepare the food fast, and the customer service is excellent. They also have a  tight takeout system as well. I can't recommend this place enough.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Cheap, filling Korean fast food that probably gives you all the food groupsyou need for a day. We ordered the katsu bento and the bulgogi bento, but they messed up our order unfortunately and sent us two katsu bentos. Bentos come with pickled radish (yellow), two potstickers, glass noodle (japchae), and a massive portion of katsu and rice that honestly can be enough for 2 meals. Great place for a college student in the area trying something out aside from the standard Chipotle.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been wanting to try this place for a while! The kimchi was REALLY GOOD! Maybe the best kimchi I've ever had. But I got the bulgogi bento box and the beef was really really chewy and tough and fatty and only 1/2 was eatable. I will give this place another try though, because so many people really like it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good food but I came to pick up and the staff don't wear hair nets or gloves! Unsanitary", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The chicken katsu was amazing. It tasted delicious like the one I usually eat at home. Very good! Little small place with great food. Def one of the tastiest places on that block.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been here several times now, and I would recommend calling in advance if you plan on take out. They take forever to make the food if you order it at the counter.Their food is super yummy and they have a bunch of different options. I usually order the chicken katsu bento, I can't help myself every time I come here. I like that they have a variety so I am sure anyone can find something that they would like there! There is upstairs seating as well as some counter space downstairs. It is a nice change of pace from the other food in Oakland.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is one of my favorite lunch places near my office in Oakland.  It's a family run place and the service is always consistent and very efficient, even when they are busy. They have excellent Korean dishes and sushi options at reasonable prices. The fish is always very fresh.  There are some tables upstairs for dine-in but I usually get take-out.  They have re-opened for takeout since the COVID-19 restrictions and I have felt very safe getting food there, as all employees have been following COVID related precautions.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is so great! I love that it's close to my work, I come here when I crave for any Asian food. From Korean to Japanese. It's like an authentic Asian food express. The price is very reasonable, and the service is always so efficient. I love their ton katsu, spicy pork, and bulgogi. I don't think I've had any food here that's not above average. Good job oishi! They also own the chick n bubbly place next door, if you get food from oishi they often give you a small discount on a recipe for bubble tea next door. Sometimes the wait doesn't get long during lunch and dinner time, so I would call and place an order in advance, just to save some time :p! Give this place a try if you haven't :)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I would probably give this place a solid 3.5 stars. The cashier was friendly, and the food came out fast. I got the tofu bibimbap. The fried egg on top was perfectly cooked. It was clear that all the food was very fresh. My main complaint is probably the range of vegetables on the bibimbap. They just didn't have the variety that I am used to which probably impacted the flavors. I wish I had gone with one of the teriyaki or spicy pork bowls instead, as those looked much tastier. Next time!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been going to Oishii for the past 3 years and it's always been a go-to spot for quick and good Asian food. The price is a little high, but the portions are filling! My favorite entrees are the KATSU-DON and BIBIMBAP. I personally don't think that the sushi is worth the price since it is right across the street from Sushi Fuku and Mount Everest. The service is decently fast, but if you order any entree with katsu it's going to be a little longer wait. There is an upstairs seating area which is nice since it gets busy during lunch and dinner, but I hope they are able to open more seating because it gets crowded during dinner time. Will definitely recommend coming here if you want a good and filling meal!tldr;food 5/5service 5/5space 3/5", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Conveniently located in Oakland, this is probably one of my favorite places to quickly grab lunch or dinner. Their upstairs dining area is pretty decent. It's ideal if you dont have too much time to spare for your meal. I usually get their Spicy pork bento, which is such a steal- a lot of portion for a good price! My friend also loves their Chicken Katsu bowl. I have yet to try their other menu!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oishii will always be my go-to comfort food. I've tried a variety of their dishes but the Chicken Bowl will always be my favorite. Plus tax, it is around $7 and they give a very generous portion. Their Bulgogi Bowl is also really good. I wouldn't recommend getting their sushi- it's good but nothing special.  They have a small seating area upstairs so it is pretty limited. It is usually busy during meal times but the wait is definitely worth it. They also provide free barley tea!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I read the reviews of this spot, and I was really excited to have Bento again. It's the kind of place where you place your order and then wait. The people behind the counter were not nice. The food took an eternity - like 25 minutes - to come, and I was super hungry. The price was expensive. The food was ok. Nothing to write home about. I was d", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have been going here since I was a student on Pitt's campus. I always enjoy coming back and getting take out when in the area. Food is excellent. I do miss their sushi which is no longer around, but they have plenty of great options.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My bf was in the mood for sushi. We've been eating at the same place for sushi for 4 years. I wanted to try something different. I looked up sushi places via yelp and noticed Oishii Bento had a gerat mix of reviews and a nice menu.My boyfriend went with Lion King Roll which is: shrimp & smoked salmon over a smoke salmon tempura roll (8pc/$9.50) It was delicious! I am not a fan of salmon fillets but this roll was great! I loved the sauce on top. He also ordered the Catapiller Roll which is: eel, avocado over a California roll (8pc/$11.50)I went with a Chicken Teriyaki Bento. It has chicken & mixed veggies plus white rice. For sides they gave me 2 dumplings and rice noodles. The food was great and it came out quick. I'm excited to head back for the lion king roll!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "oishii bento has pretty good bulgogi and spicy pork bowls for the price. quantity - a lot.i've also had their bentos and that's pretty yummy too.good for catering too but order well in advance and be prepared for any lateness", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love you and all of your deliciousness - you make me happy when I crack open the bento box and smell the aroma of your meats - you'll never know how much I appreciate what you do for society - please don't take my bento away", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "100% in my top 3 for both Korean and Japanese food in the city. Their katsudon is to die for and pretty much any of their bowls are just as good. I will say their sushi is good but not knock your socks off amazing like some of their other dishes. I'd say they were probably my 1st or 2nd choice for Korean dishes alongside BaeBae's Kitchen. You must go. It's got a good atmosphere and fast delivery.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oishii. My default spot when it comes to a great tasting, affordable meal on Pitt campus. Oishii is closed on sundays.. I am well aware of this because for whatever reason I always crave Oishii after church, ahh.. you want what you can't have (on Sundays).KATSU-DON ($8.75): My go to. I just love the pork with the veggies and then the house broth makes the bowl not too dry, like the tonkatsu or the chicken katsu are. Some may think it is a little sweet, but when I come to Oishii, I'm getting the Katsu-Don 99% of the time.SPICY PORK BOWL ($8.00): Also a great choice, with the pork and veggies all the same reddish color, it may not be the most prettiest dish, but it does have a kick of spiciness! If I'm in the mood for just a lotta pork and some fried onions in there too, this is what I'm getting. The portions are so generous here that I never feel like I'm wasting my money.VEGETABLE TEMPURA ($7.25): For those times when I want to be fake healthy and eat veggies but they're fried. The fried zucchini and onions are meh, but the fried sweet potato is super delish! The tempura come with a sauce to dip in.SEATING: Is very limited to like 3 chairs on the main floor and like 30-40 seats upstairs? So choose your dining time wisely, or just do take out! However they do have sriracha, soy sauce, barley tea, and water here if you do decide to stay.SERVICE/WAIT-TIME: Probably at least 15 mins for your food to be made, they give you a number and you wait until it's called/ on their number system thingy in the upstairs. **Want to skip the wait? Call in beforehand and place an order via the phone and pick it up when you get there. Give them some time because this place is popular and they take their time making your yummy Korean food.Not the cheapest option on campus, but I do think that most of the entrees are worth it. ~$10 for a bowl might seem a lot, but you actually get a lot of food to save for a second meal, otherwise you may fall into a food coma if you can eat it all in one sitting..", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "3.5 stars.Oishii bento is situated in the Asian food megapolis of Pittsburgh...that is...Oakland.So anyway, the place is a little shop along a street of other small Asian foods, and it really fits well in the scene. I usually like to stop by oishii and pair it with some other places around.In terms of the food, I like it! It's very simple, cheap, and definitely fills you up. I would say the service can be a little slow at peak hour, so it's a good idea to order boba or run around for other food while you're waiting, but other than that, it's a well-run shop that is super consistent. The food gives a hint of homestyle Asian food, which is really nice if you're just looking for food that's comfortable and reliable.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Cheap, delicious, and filling! Came here for a quick lunch, and got an udon bowl to go for less than $8. Took around 5 minutes to get my food, and it definitely hit the spot. Would love to come back to try the bento boxes, katsu, and other menu items. Also, loved that they had free barley tea! Was exactly what I needed to warm up while waiting for my food on a cold and rainy day', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My go-to place to get my fix of Korean food when I need it the most. I think I've tried almost all of their bowls, bentos, and bibimbabs. Each order feels like about 2 servings so it's definitely a lot and will keep you full and satisfied. Definitely if you wanna treat yourself, go with the galbi or hwe-dup bab. Food here is not the cheapest but it's good food and fast. Getting take-out here is ideal bc seating can be very limited during the busy lunch and dinner hours. Don't forget that if you order food here, you can get 50¢ off a bubble tea order next door at Chicknbubbly! During the winter times, they have complementary warm barley tea they offer near the corner by all the condiments. Overall, can't say many bad things about this place because it just really is a convenient place to get Korean/Japanese food well made and fast.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'TLDR: A good restaurant to satisfy an Asian craving. Great value but not necessarily the most authentic food. The photo is of a Bulgogi bowl.Oishii Bento is a great local establishment to get a quick fix of different iconic Asian meals. Although these dishes are not the most authentic, they are great value with their generous serving sizes. The ambiance and service is what you would expect from a restaurant that aims to serve customers quickly and affordably.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Spicy pork and Bulgori bentos are a must! Casual little Korean place in the heart of Oakland. Owners are friendly and quick with orders.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'It is a small restaurant near Pitt serving rolls and Japanese/Korean style bentos. I am new to the area and was really desperate to find some place that serve good Korean food. I tried the spicy pork bento box and was very impressed. It has good side dishes (Japcahe, Fried dumpling, radish pickle) and the spicy pork had a pleasant taste of fire smell to it. You can choose additional one side dish to it (miso, kimchi, etc) The portions were huge so i was able to eat it in two meals. There is a pretty spacious sitting/eating space on the second floor.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This one of my favorite places for takeout in Oakland! The bulgogi and katsu udon are some of my favorites. Their miso soup is delicious and is only $2. The wait times can be a little long, but they make everything to order which is very nice. Highly recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was seriously craving some Korean food, so I'm super overjoyed that this place exists! I went on a weekend trip with a couple friends to Pittsburgh and we decided to stop here for lunch. The place is a little small, and really great for takeout, but they do have an upstairs area for seating. Service is polite and friendly.They offer a variety of different foods, from bento boxes to bulgogi or galbi bowls, to bibimbap, pot stickers, or even sushi!I went for the bulgogi bowl, because it has been ages since I've had one. (It was absolutely delicious.) My friend ordered bibimbap with beef, and since she couldn't finish it and I'm the resident food receptacle amongst my friends, I got to have that too, and it was equally as wonderful. :] (Portions are awesome, but I just eat a lot, haha.)The prices are reasonable, and food is ready fairly quickly. They give you a receipt with an order number when you place your order, and you can either stay downstairs to wait, or sit upstairs until your number comes up on the screen. (We went on a Saturday afternoon, and the wait wasn't bad at all.(I love the hot barley tea in the corner by the window!)$5 minimum for credit card purchases, and you get a discount if you take in your receipt to get bubble tea next door!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered the Veggie Bimbimbap! The kimchi and pickled vegetables were very flavorful, and the hot sauce came on the side so you can choose how much you want to order. The actual restaurant itself is very small, and the upstairs conditions aren't that great; all the chopsticks had splinters and were pretty old. This wasn't the best that I had, but it definitely wasn't the worst either.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Decent Korean restaurant. Yes it's Korean not Japanese.Was one of my go-to after class dining place back when I was a student. I always get either bolgogi bento or calbi.Beware of your stinky burp after eating though... A lot of onions... You don't wna go kiss your date after eating here for sure.Price okay, nice people.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Pretty good Asian cuisine. I had the beef bowl, tempura, and miso soup, and I didn't really have complaints about any of them. I'd suggest stopping by if you have the time.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is my favorite spot to stop before my evening class. They have a nice selection of meals and snacks. I like getting a small order of Shumai, a small roll, or inari as a pre-class snack. The food comes out quickly, is very affordable, and always tasty! They also have free self serve barley tea which is a big plus when it's chilly out, and really warms you up! For meals, they have great rice bowls that are a generous serving and pretty well balanced. I like the chicken teriyaki bowl, all of the bento boxes, and the udon! They have some seating downstairs and a bunch of tables upstairs, so you're good to eat in or take away. Also with your receipt, you can get 50c off at Chick n Bubbly next door! Get some bubble tea to wash down the meal :)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious fast Korean food! The bulgogi was sweet and juicy! Highly recommended! I tried the bulgogi bibimbap and bulgogi bento. For the bibimbap, first of all, it tasted good as a bibimbap. However, if you wanna try their signature bulgogi beef, you should not order this. The flavor of the meat was overriden by the bibimbap sauce and I guest the owner kept the bulgogi juice out of the bowl to keep the bibimbap flavor neat. So I like the bento better. In addition to many kinds of delicious sides, you can get the best taste out of the bulgogi.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Cheap, tasty, and generous portions! This place is perfect for the college student. I usually get the bulgogi bowl, tonkatsu bowl, or spicy pork bowl and they're all very good. Always flavorful, and I can usually save half of it for a second meal (small asian girl). I've also had the bentos once, and while I really enjoyed it, I usually just opt for the bowls because they're cheaper and give you more food. The seating area is rather small though and it's upstairs. If you buy food here, you can show the receipt next door to Chick N Bubbly and they'll give you 50 cents off of bubble tea! Sometimes I'll just bring my food over the Chick N Bubbly and eat there after getting bubble tea, which can solve the seating problem.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The prices are pretty reasonable and the food was pretty good. I wasn't IN LOVE with the spicy pork bowl, but I'm definitely going to go back to try more of the menu. The pork was a good amount of spicy, however some pieces were very hard (some because they had tendon, but I couldn't find the reason for some of the other pieces). The restaurant's ordering area can get very very crowded around prime meal times, so big groups of friends may have a hard time finding seats. **update** The teriyaki chicken bowl was so delicious!! It was a great portion for the price that it costs. I would definitely come back to order other items!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I put the fork in the photo for size comparison. Yes. It's a gigantic bento box, but it's literally the best, most authentic bento box in the city. I'm in love. And thee kyoza(fried shrimp dumplings) are outrageously good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fantastic restaurant that delivers in tasty food, quantity of food (ALOT of food), and price of the food--a true culinary triple threat. I ordered the chicken katsu bento box and it was phenomenal. The best part of the bento box is the amount of food that includes sides, rice, and the a generous portion of meat. Overall great Japanese cuisine and I will definitely order from here again. I want to reiterate that it is one of the few places in Pittsburgh that truly delivers on what we all want from a restaurant: a cheap meal that is delicious and plentiful. Extremely fast delivery as well. Worth every penny. A true hidden gem.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We ordered from here via DoorDash for a group picnic! The food arrived on time and was nicely packaged so that there were no major spills or leaks. Everyone really like their food!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Personally I'm a huge fan of this place. Coming from somewhere with an abundance of Asian food, this place is one of the bests for the price and how close it is. I usually get the chicken katsu bento, but have tried the bulgogi one as well. Both are delicious and I usually have 2 days worth of leftovers which is great for the price. Overall really good and worth it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I usually go to this place for lunch with my colleagues.   My favorite is the chicken katsu bowl. They offer generous amount of chicken and rice. The katsu sauce is very delicious. Typically\u200b, I have leftover for dinner unless if I skip my breakfast that day and had to substitute the bowl for both breakfast and lunch. There is usually a wait time during the lunch time. However, you can place your\u200b order on phone and  that will save you lot of waiting time. Or you can sit and watch them preparing sushi. Looking for a hearty and homely meal on a tiring work day, maybe this is the place you might want to go to.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Holy Bento, I'm so glad I decided to try this place out! I absolutely adore bento boxes and sushi, but I had to try the Japanese Burrito... Ever since I found out that sushiritos are a thing, I've been searching for a place in Pittsburgh that makes them!It was everything I had hoped for, such a great combination of flavors with spicy tuna, tempura shrimp, avocado, and more.My one caution is that if you go at regular lunch hours, you WILL have a bit of a wait, and you'll probably have a hard time getting a seat. The small seating area upstairs fills up fast!Still so worth it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'this is your basic - moslty takeout - sushi joint in a college town. i felt they executed well on all points, the sushi and rolls were fresh and well prepared, and we managed to enjoy a good amount of sushi at $30/pp. Not a place for ambience - but fine to kill the bait craving. if your hangin near univ of pitt, this is a good place for standard sushi fare and - from what i saw - the bento offerings as well. (good portions)', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Oishii Bento pretty much stands as one of the few pillars available for korean food in Pittsburgh. Their dishes are always well priced, especially for bulgogi and LA Galbi seeing as there are no H-Marts, Lotte Marts, or any other major korean grocery within a 2-3 hr drive to buy fresh/non-frozen meat from. The udon here is pretty good as well, especially with the variety of vegetables they include in it. If you want to order for dinner, make sure to call 30min - 1hr in advance though on weekdays as they can get pretty busy with orders.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Today was the perfect day to try Oishii Bento! I needed something quick due to the amount of errands I had to run. I have never tried Korean, but I knew exactly what I wanted to try based on recommendations from friends and family. I walked right up to the register and ordered my Bulgogi Bento that included a side of rice, 2 little potstickers that were fried, jap chae, and kimchi. After 10 minutes my order was ready and I was outta there! I did notice a sign for extra seating upstairs but this is definitely not a place for large parties. Also, if you are in the mood for bubble tea take your receipt next door to chickn' bubbly for 50 cents off! I couldn't wait to get home to eat my meal, it smelled amazing and by no surprise it tasted amazing too! I was really pleased with how much food you get for the price. I believe the price was around $9.63 and that ended up being two meals for me because my leftovers are now in the refrigerator. I cannot wait to come back and take my parents along with me! Next time I would like to try the Bibimbab or Galbi Bento.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'One of the best "quick" bibimbap I\'ve ever had! Loved it. The donkatsu was super yummy as well. Very friendly staff and quick! Will be back once I\'m back in Pittsburgh!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Waited around 10 minutes for my food, I got the kimchi udon and the sushi burrito (on the menu it is listed as Japanese burrito).I asked for the kimchi udon to be spicy. While the broth was somewhat spicy, it wasn't enough for me to actually call it as spicy. Regardless, it came with a healthy portion of vegetables and a lot of udon. It actually was enough to last me two days (and for under $9, that's insane!)The sushi burrito was an experience of its own as well. The rice was seasoned PERFECTLY, everything inside tasted amazing. Unfortunately, my shrimp tempura inside was a bit soggy but everything else about this creation was mind blowing. Definitely would recommend this place, the prices are insane and the portions are great!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Very good food that will fill your stomach and make you feel good. The staff is always nice and the food rarely misses the spot. Would recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So pumped to have great Korean food in Pittsburgh. You order at a counter and they pack all the orders to go, not in numerical order or calling out your numbers. There's a bit of a waiting area near the counter, but there's upstairs seating.I got the beef bulgolgi with an egg (50 cents more) with rice. It was a really generous portion, enough for two meals. I was surprised at how tender and flavorful the meat was, definitely not skimping there. There were also mushrooms in it, which I haven't experienced before. They also have free barley tea. Great food, no frills dining area, but would come again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Good! We ordered two katso chicken boxes and shrimp kyoza. Kyoza was super tasty. Chicken was a bit bland/chewy, but the portions were generous!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I wouldn't recommend that you go here for dinner or if you want a nice sit-in meal, but it's really great for take out. The food comes out quickly and there are generous portion, and it's pretty decent Asian food. The sushi is pretty bad but the bibimbap and bento box is good. They give you a massive portion of rice so if you're into that, it's the place to go.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Best roll is the Oishii roll! Their bento boxes and bulgogi bowls are also amazing. I've tried multiple menu items and haven't been disappointed. I grew up in an Asian household so it was great to have a pretty authentic place right on campus! Love oishii bento!!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love this place- I always want to get something new but I can't resist the beef bibimbap.  Sushi is delicious too.  You can also order the super awesome Korean  crunchy chicken wings next door (they own that too) and eat it upstairs.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We came here for lunch, btw it's basically right across from UPMC Presby, the whole street of Asian restaurants are right there!This place had a great atmosphere. There were Koreans and Asians everywhere, and that's when you know it's good. Everything comes in takeout containers, and you can go upstairs to eat. I got the bulgolgi bento box. It had chapchae, rice, 2 fried mini dumplings, kimchi, and BULGOLGI. Also comes w a side of salad or soup (I think)It was delicious. It was hot, and tasted like home cooked Korean food. I approve and will definitely be back (Also, you can get $0.50 off any BUBBLE TEA (YESSS) next door at Chicken Bubbly!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I went with my family recently for dinner. It's a small little cafe style joint in Oakland. Note: space is tight. We are upstairs, and you seat yourself and whatnot. Service is minimal as expected. I ordered the spicy pork bento which comes with rice, two fried dumplings, onions, and some pickled veggies. I also got kim chi. My dad got the bulgogi bento and my mother and brother got some noodle dishes with pork and chicken, respectively. The bento dishes all have mushrooms in them, just an FYI. My meal was quite good and had a little kick to it. I'm a fan of kim chi but the pickled veggies in the bento are a little much for me. I wasn't too crazy about the fried dumplings; they were okay, and my mother and brother who recently returned from Japan were disappointed with them, too. It's fairly priced; it was about $50 for us and we got two sides, too. I'd go back for a quick lunch.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Aside from the moderately long wait for food, this place is great. Just plan ahead, time wise. The prices are very fair. Americans,I recommend for you to step outside of your comfort zone and order something aside from the teriyaki chicken or something along those lines. The spicy pork bowl is very good, if you like a little heat. The bentos are always great because you get a little bit of a few things. The upstairs dining room is always filled with Asians, which is a dead giveaway that the food is good. While eating today, I heard Thai, Chinese, Japanese and Korean all being spoken. That shows the diversity of the menu and that truly, anyone can find something here. 4 stars.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "First time trying their new special Japanese burrito. Has lot of rice in it and not really worth the 12-dollar price. Imbedded in the rice are shrimp tempera, sliced crab meet, avocado, and a spicy sauce. It's a nice and creative dish but I still prefer their Beef bowl, bulgogi bento, and kimchi udon over this burrito.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Slight hesitations if I made the right choice for sushi over Mt Everest and Fuku across the st. Got the ocean breeze, which typically is tuna and salmon together in one roll; they offered eel which I thought was interesting so that was why I went.  My mistake! It's actually just a single order of salmon and single order of eel.  I should have realized it when it noted 12 pieces but I just thought maybe they were small.Anyways, the guy got my order wrong and looked annoyed when I told him I didn't order tuna but salmon.  Luckily they provided someBarley tea on the side while you wait so I sipped myself to distraction while he remade my order. So, not what I expected but it was good! Large pieces and the fish is good for the price. I think its slightly cheaper than Mt Everest but simpler rolls.  I think if I had to choose I would go back to Everest for sushi but potentially come here for their donburis, I hear their spicy pork is pretty good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A nice restaurant by Oakland standard. I got bulgogi udon but the bulgogi in there seemed more like ground rather than sliced beef. It still tasted good but wasn't entirely what I expected. The price was reasonable.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This used to be my favorite Korean food restaurant. The owners are nice and friendly. Also they provide the delicious and healthy food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oishii Bento is a great place! Pros: Everything I've eaten there has been very tasty, my favorite thing on the menu being the Japanese burrito! The staff has always been very friendly. Cons: Seating is very limited here, there's just a few tables upstairs and nowhere to sit outside. Sometimes during the lunch hours it can get super busy and take a little long for me to get my food, which is completely understandable but sometimes I've had to wait for quite a bit.Other than those few small things I think this is a wonderful restaurant that I am always happy to go back to.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Hey their portion is hugely big and definitely worth to try! The bulgogi is very flavorful and the price is affordable.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Incredible food! Got the spicy pork and seaweed salad--pro tip: mix them together for amazing flavor!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love this bento (or dosirak I would say since this is more like a korean place) place! Price is good and the portion is large. It can get crowded during dinner hours, but not tooo bad. I always get their marinated pork combo and it comes with a miso soup. Oh, and don't forget to try out their free barley tea while you wait for your food. That tea is definitely one of many reasons I like this place.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love the bulgogi bowl! This is a takeout place, but there is a seating area upstairs. The service has always been a little slow, but I don't mind waiting for my food here since it's so good. Portions are pretty generous.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oishii isn't fast food--it's good food, fast. I've stopped in for lunch on multiple occassions and enjoyed each menu item I've had. I'm partial to the rice bases of their bowls, but I've also tried a few of the bento boxes, sushi rolls, and the bi bim bap. Always receive my food in a few minutes with a smile to boot. I've never eaten on location, I always order to go, but the restaurant seemed cleaned albeit small! Price for lunch was always under $10 for me, usually around $7-8, so it wasn't something I'd buy every day. Portions are well worth the cost though. Great value over at Oishii.", 'review_rating': None}]