Information about Prince of India Restaurant{"businesses": [{"id": "h1fOnj8ofEmKM7U9JdCcGw", "alias": "prince-of-india-pittsburgh", "name": "Prince of India", "image_url": "https://s3-media3.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/YB4h6Z9SuMSQQLGYwwo5tw/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/prince-of-india-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 163, "categories": [{"alias": "indpak", "title": "Indian"}, {"alias": "soup", "title": "Soup"}, {"alias": "seafood", "title": "Seafood"}], "rating": 3.5, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.4416275024414, "longitude": -79.9585952758789}, "transactions": ["delivery", "pickup"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "3614 5th Ave", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["3614 5th Ave", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14126870888", "display_phone": "(412) 687-0888", "distance": 197.78185612655687}], "total": 10, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Chicken Tikka Masala,Mango Curry,Saag Paneer,Butter Chicken,Chicken Vindaloo,Gulab Jamun,Lamb Curry,Chicken Biryani,
[{'review_text': "Disclaimer:I only ever go for the lunch buffet Food: I'm not an Indian food critic by any means, I am a simple man from Appalachia but I think their food is great. The lunch buffet has a nice variety all of which were tasty to me. They had a pretty incredible hot sauce on the side that I placed on some of the foods that amped it upService: Same guy is always working when I'm there for lunch, my cup is always filled and they give you a free fountain pop with the lunch which is cool. Ambiance: They play Indian music videos on the TV in the restaurant that keep me stimulated if I'm there alone on lunch, which I enjoy despite not knowing what's being said  Overall: Love going here when I'm in Oakland for a tasty lunch buffet that's easy on the pocket and tummy!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Little hole in the wall place right on Fifth Ave in Oakland! Clean, simple interior. Almost no one else dining in on a Monday evening. They were crazy busy with food delivery orders! Really great food, we had the appetizer sampler, mango curry, and chicken biryani. All delicious and plenty of a serving for the price! The Pakora were to die for! Will definitely come back for the lunch buffet sometime soon.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Got takeout from Prince of India. I was not impressed at all. The food, most of it, was bland. There was heat in some of them, but not the layered complex flavors I am used to getting from other places. I got two different Saag dishes; the Paneer was ok, the other one just did not make an impression.  Also ordered a BOGO chicken curry. This one had heat, but was flat.  I know people love this restaurant but for me, I won't return. Lots of other excellent Indian places to go.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came here during lunch but didn't partake in the lunch buffet. The buffet seemed like a bang for your buck but the food options didn't interest me. I ordered my usual paneer tikka Marsala spicy. The spice was mouth bearable but within an hour it was definitely stomach spicy. The meal was delicious, portion slightly small for the price, and the service was always quick on getting things out.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is the ONLY Indian restaurant that we will go to. We have tried them all, and Prince of India is THE ONE. Service is always fast. Food is always piping hot, even when delivered. Inside is very nice atmosphere with friendly staff.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I went to this place 2 years ago and I gotta say, it is WAY better now. I'm not sure what changed behind the counter, but the food quality is significantly improved. Would be very hard pressed to beat a $12 lunch buffet of this quality. Not an exorbitant amount of options but all of the staples deliver, its a smaller setup. Good vibes and friendly staff too. Will be returning soon.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After a long day at school, we picked up some Indian food from Prince of India in Oakland. We have heard so many good things about their all you can eat buffet, and are looking forward to going back to try it in the future! We ordered three chicken dishes along with some regular and garlic naan. We ordered the Chicken Mahkini (butter chicken), Chicken Tikka Masala, and Chicken Vindaloo. The butter chicken and the chicken tikka masala both tasted very similar, as I couldn't really differentiate one from the other. That being said, they were both delicious! The sauces were both super creamy and the chicken was tender. The chicken vindaloo was unlike any vindaloo I have had in the past. Typically, vindaloo is a spicier Indian dish, but this one tasted almost more sour than spicy which was interesting. Therefore, I would definitely recommend the other two chicken dishes that we ordered over the vindaloo.The naan was delicious, as you could actually see the garlic pieces on the garlic naan! The naan itself was huge, but you can definitely never have too much of it! Each of the dishes also came with a side of basmati rice that was delicious! All in all I will definitely be back to Prince of India to try out their all you can eat buffet!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great food! Definitely the best Indian I've had in Pittsburgh so far. I feel like you can't find many good Indian around here. The takeout was super quick and still hot when I picked up, so great service. The atmosphere is a cute little restaurant. It was pretty busy during lunch. The reason I give it 4 stars is because I ordered BOGO samosas and only got one order of them. Other than that, great place and I will definitely be back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I got takeout from this place 2 weeks ago and I really enjoyed my meal!! The lamb was super flavorful and so tender. I don't have lamb often but sometimes when I order Indian food it's fun to wander from the basic chicken.The only reason I took a star off is because my meal was super hot. The hottest thing I've ever eaten. I still ate a lot of it and had milk on deck- but the spice level felt like it was above what I wanted I have a really high tolerance for spicy food- Korean food is my favorite and I love spicy hot ramen and anything spicy chili flavor- hoping to have less hot of a meal next time but still really enjoyed this!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Best Indian food in Pittsburgh. I miss it daily! The buffet is awesome and a good deal for lunch. Friendly staff and fast takeout if you want it. Highly recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is a pretty solid Indian restaurant that is currently offering 20% off their already fair prices. Naturally, I wanted to take advantage of this deal. So, I ordered salmon curry, gulab jamun, their appetizer platter, and naan bread.I appreciated that the salmon curry had whole chunks of tomatoes in it. Usually, Indian places would blend the tomatoes but I quite enjoy having that texture of real tomatoes in a curry. The salmon was plentiful, cooked well, and had a decent amount of flavor. Portions are probably slightly above average and the curry also came with a container of rice. My only complaint about the fish curry would be that it is on the watery side and not quite thick enough.Naan was also smaller than at most places but not too bad. Somewhat dry though. The aloo tikki was very large and quite crispy on the edges and stuffed full of potatoes and peas. Pakoras were overly rich in onions but still crisp. Seemed to also have a cheesy element to it, not quite sure what that was. Samosa is also large, seasoned well (a bit of mint?), and had a good batter but I would have liked it to be a bit crispier.My favorite part of the meal is the gulab jamun. They were 3 small balls soaked in super sweet syrup and I truly enjoyed them! Overall, this is a good and cheap place to get Indian food in Oakland. Portions are large enough, tastes overall quite good, but it does have a few shortcomings.3.6/5', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Whenever I travelled I always like to have an indian meal in that particular destination. With that said I have read some impressive reviews about Prince of India and wanted to make sure to check to check it out when visiting Pittsburgh.Prince of India is located in Shadyside. They have a buffet in case you want to sample different types of entree. I was so laser focus on ordering the really spicy lamb vindaloo with basmati rice. Surprisingly this was my first time having such spicy lamb vindaloo. They really lived up to my expectation. Plus their serving portion was large, it can shared with a party of two if having appetizers. I was also impressed with how juicy and tender the lamb meat was and their vindaloo sauce was thick, spicy and flavored.The restaurant itself was pleasant to be in with lots of seating and a nice selection of Bollywood songs. FYI, they had a fairly cheap happy hour special where they served local beer and house wine under $5.Overall great services, excellent environment, affordable prices and delicious food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Prince of India is such a delicious place. Located conveniently on fifth avenue.  That being said be mindful that traffic is limited. It's a great place to stop and have lunch if you're free for lunch. The buffet is pretty affordable. I spent about $10 and everything was relatively good. Even as vegan there options available.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great meal ... had the chicken jafrezi platter delivered and it had so many great sides and generous portions. Arrived fresh, hot, and absolutely delicious.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I stopped by here last night with my wife for dinner.  The Prince of India is located right on Fifth Ave and was easy to find.  Upon entering the restaurant we saw a sign telling us to wait to be seated and within 30 seconds or so were on our way to the table.  We ended up in a booth but there were also some regular tables as well.  After getting seated we were asked whether we wanted the buffet or regular menu and we both choose the regular menu.  They also had a decent happy hour going on (4:00 or 4:30 - 7:00 PM) which had Yuenglings for $2 and Dales Pale Ale for $2.75.For dinner on this evening I decided to go with the chicken curry while my wife went with her standby, the chicken tikka masala.  Both my wife and I were asked how spicy we would like our food and My wife went with a mild and upon my choice of Hot, I was told to give the number between 1-10 and chose 8.  We also decided to split some garlic naan and I ordered a Dales Pale Ale while my wife went with water.  After a short wait all of our food came to the table and it was definitely the naan which looked the best.  On my first bite of chicken curry I realized how hot they had made the dish.  It was hot to the point where I could hardly taste the spices in the chicken.  That's not a complaint about Prince of India as that's how an 8 probably should be, but more of a comment about how most other restaurants won't give you a super spicy dish.  The chicken in my dish ended up being cooked nicely and was hot temperature wise and juicy.  My only complaint about the dish was that there wasn't enough of the chicken, especially for the $12.50 price.  While eating my entree I also dug into the naan which ended up being fantastic.  It had a nice texture to it and was covered with a lot of garlic which gave it some great flavor.  My wife enjoyed both it and her entree.The bottom line for me is that I might stop by here again in the future.  The Prince of India has a nice happy hour and I appreciated the fact that they made their food spicy when requested, now if there was just a bit more of it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Best Indian food in PGH!! I spend weeks thinking about it! I can't find another tikka masala that compares!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had high hopes for this place but was disappointed. The chicken tandoori and chicken tikka had a horrible appearance to start- it wasn't red- it had no flavor- no spice. The butter chicken was made with breast instead of thigh- although the sauce was ok- the chicken had a weird taste. The vegetable korma and molai kofta were the only palatable things we had. I would not recommend to come here for Indian. Oh and the biryani was made with just tomato paste and not chili paste. So weird and had a ketchup flavor.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Is it the best Indian food I've ever had? No. Does it get the job done? Absolutely!My BF and I go here regularly.  I always get chicken makhni with garlic naan and he will get vindaloo, mango curry or tikka masala.  Most of the time it's really good and fulfills the craving.  Service is also good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I had lunch buffet which is about $10. There were some food to get but they don\'t have distinguishing tastes. For example, in my picture, can you tell that I get a little bit of everything from the buffet? Moreover, they tasted the same....I don\'t recall it tasty or worthy at all. When you pay upfront in the desk, they use a iPad thing to process the payment and they literally stare at you and your movement when you make to the "tip" section. It really feels uncomfortable and somewhat "forcing you to pick the high tip" even though it is a buffet and I barely got any service.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Good quality, but the food being hotter than expected decreased enjoyment. I eat Szechuan, Korean and Thai etc so selected medium when ordering. There is a mild offered too, but with medium choice below hot and very hot, I thought it would be the right choice. It was still quite spicy, much more so than expected and not similar to other Indian restaurants.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food is always delicious and delivered hot from takeout. Butter Chicken is the best I've had and is so rich and delicious. Naan is always fresh and great as well. Our favorite spot!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Order took 20 minutes longer than the quoted time.  I got veggie biryani, prince onion and garlic naan, extra raita and prince salad. Veggie biryani... rice was over cooked. The only veggies are mushy peas, mushy carrots, and mushy potatoes. I asked for a 2 out of 5 spicy and it was VERY spicy. And I'm not a weakling when it comes to spice. Way over salted. Raita... I definitely didn't get extra. My biryani should have had some and then I spent $4 on extra. I only got 1 container. It also tasted very salty, somehow. Prince naan... this was the standout. Cooked well, lots of flavor. Very good. Salad... literally just lettuce, onion, tomato, and cucumber. Didn't see any peppers and didn't come with any dressing. Big big thumbs down.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So I'll preface this review with I'm not Indian but I'm dating an Indian and we love this place. Their chicken tikka masala is absolutely phenomenal. No joke we order from her probably once a week and always get the tikka masala, either paneer or chicken. Their regular naan in my opinion is the best of their breads. We also like their gobi aloo dishes as a healthier option. Their palak paneer is pretty good, not the best I've ever had but good enough to order again. I think during covid we have ordered take out here at least 15 times.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I ordered goat vindaloo garlic naan n mango lassi,I was pretty happy with my order,goat was well cooked and tasted nice. They take their spice level pretty seriously so be careful,I got level 6 and it was pretty spicy. Mango lassi was great, n my dish came with rice. Delivery was very fast as well. I just wished few more goat pieces in there.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came here for the lunch buffet during the week. There are a good amount of people that come from UPMC and Pitt, which means there is a frequent turnover of food! The buffet has all the classics of rice, naan, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, saag, potatoes, and chickpeas. I was a fan of the chicken korai as the chicken was very tender and had good flavor. The saag was good, but wish it had paneer. The mushrooms were unique as well. The buffet also includes a variety of dessert such as rice pudding and gulab jumans. Overall, a decent place to grab some Indian food in the oakland area if you are near there. Can't complain for the price, but don't expect outstanding Indian food. Truly dont know if I will be back, as my loyalty lies to Tamarind on North Craig.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We've been here a few times now. Service and food always great. Ordered the chicken tikka masala 5 and chicken vindaloo 7, naan bread. Flavorful and spicy. Check for Groupon or deals, worth going to!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have been craving Indian food lately and when someone overheard me say that, they quickly recommended Prince of India. I was told they had a buffet and right then and there I knew this was going to be the place to satisfy my Indian food craving! I am by no means an Indian food conniseur, so I will not be able to go into strict detail about each item, but what I can do is tell you how delicious everything was and how great of service they had! The food was delicious, plentiful and hot. They had everything I wanted to satisfy my Indian food craving and some! There were items I never had before like these sweet little balls on the buffet that were to die for! The chicken was all cooked to perfection and the taste was just right. The food was definitely on the less spicy end but that was ok. My favorite part about the meal was the naan! We got garlic naan with our meal and it was hands down the best naan I have ever had! All in all I was debating between giving this place 4 or 5 stars. I usually keep the 5 star reviews for a knock your pants off type of meal and atmosphere so I went with 4. That doesn't mean this place wasn't amazing! For a $13 Indian buffet this is tough to beat. They also offer alcohol, desserts, student discounts and more! I will 100% be returning to Prince of India every time my Indian food cravings return!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The company I work for has an office on Forbes right in the middle of Oakland, so obviously we are eating at all the spots down here! A coworker had recommended Prince of India, therefore we decided to pull up! All was well when we got there, we called ahead of time to let them know to expect a party of about 15. They easily accommodated us and had all the tables and chairs mashed up for our arrival. The Indian buffet had all the dishes you know and love, chicken masala, beef kofta and of course that wonderful naan! All so good and delicious. However, I wasn't impressed with the flavor of the food. I thought that could have been more spices and flavors, that I'm used to at other Indian places I've been too. In fact, I've probably had better Indian food in Oakland at a nearby place. But for 10 bucks an all you can eat buffet doesn't get much better! And like plenty other folks have mentioned, that crispy, chewy naan, is worth the trip alone!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great place to come. It is currently only take out but we can't wait til dining to come back. By far the BEST Rita and Naan in town. Dishes were a hit as is with every India place in Pittsburgh. Across the street is grass and some seating to eat out.Just check your order as they forgot my paratha.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We tried this place on a whim because there was a great groupon available and I'm so glad we discovered it. We had $50 worth of food to get with the groupon deal so we had a ton of food and could sample different menu items to compare to our usual spot (India Garden in Monroeville) I have to say this place came out slightly ahead. The mango Lassis here were definitely better- fantastic flavor and consistency. We also tried different kinds of naan and both were delicious. So we're the chicken samosas! Super flavorful. As for the main dishes- I had chicken korma, my go-to favorite. It was excellent. I had a medium spice level and I'm someone who loves super spicy food. Medium is PLENTY spicy!! So keep that in mind maybe. My boyfriend had butter chicken, mild and it was also excellent!! Both will be re-ordered! The service was great- everyone was so friendly and attentive. We even got little donuts for free as dessert. Whether you're a fan of Indian food or just want to try it- come here! And check groupon!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This was my second time here and neither time disappointed. Quite honestly I can't grasp the three stars. They are certainly inconveniently located as far as parking and the price is really good but doesn't stand out, still the food is really good! The buffet has a lot of options both meat and vegetarian and Ive had some of the most prompt and friendly service in Oakland every time I'm here. Let's also add a plug in for the chai tea carafe ....yummmm! My friend noticed that the buffet seemed to be missing some classic Indian staples and I will add that I wasn't married to the taste of any of the desserts and wish the naan was unlimited with the buffet (though an order does still come with your food) but the portion was still perfect. I'd say it's a stop worth making!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have only had Indian food a few times.  I called and asked them to help build me a meal as I don't really know what is on the menu.  The guy was helpful.  The food was very good.It appears to be a family run business.  The people are honest and helpful. I will come back here when I visit Pittsburgh again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Why do they not have a proper Indian sit down restaurant in the South Side? We have more than a few Thai and Taco, even a Colombian, Spanish and Lebanese place, so I know the neighborhood can support food diversity, but not one dang Indian restaurant which I know would be a hit. In the meantime, while I wait, Prince of India is one of a few Indian restaurants that deliver to the South Side, where I live and work. I had a long day at work  scheduled so I ordered lunch from there for my coworker and me thru Grubhub. They have a two chicken dish combo with rice and plain naan I have been ordering to keep it simple. What\'s new, since I ordered last time, is they give you options to upgrade the plain naan( which I did to garlic naan) and I added two mango lassis to drink. They always deliver much faster than I expect which is a huge plus, and are always pleasant. The food is good with very authentic, satisfying flavors. Love the delicious (but small) mango lassi which is delivered in a styrofoam coffee cup for transport. The lassi is a little expensive for the price, but really helps cool down the spiciness of the meal. The garlic naan is served large and warm and is a great vehicle to scooping up the sauce of the dish. The chicken dishes are plenty on sauce , a little light on chicken , but the chicken that\'s there is very tender and good. Is it my favorite Indian restaurant? Heck no, but they get bonus points for delivering to the South Side. The last time I went to People\'s restaurant on Penn Ave, I asked when they would (pretty please) open a place in the South Side because we need them! They said they had thought about it , and if they found the right location ...maybe. So, until we get our own(hopefully tasty and BYOB) Indian place in the neighborhood, I will continue in the vein of Crosby, Stills & Nash, to "love the one you\'re with" \'til the sweet day I can [eat at] the Indian restaurant I love.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ordered from this place on Grub Hub around 5:40pm on a Saturday. It said it would take 40-50 minutes to come but it came in like 25 minutes! So fast!I ordered the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. I had a $10 off coupon so it was pretty inexpensive. The chicken was creamy and good but it could've had a little more flavor. Overall it was pretty tasty and served as two meals for me! The garlic naan was delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place used to be one of my favorites, but it has gone straight downhill.First, they reduced the price from $9-10 per person to $6 per person, but they severely diluted the food and took away the free soft drinks. Most watery Indian food ever now. The tikka masala actually resembled soup -- I don't think there was any cream in it any more. Secondly, THEY KICKED ME OUT OF MY SEAT AT NINE MONTHS PREGNANT. Very rude server told me I had to leave after sitting there for 15 minutes -- at nine months pregnant. I told him he was rude, he shrugged, he didn't care.This restaurant is an atrocity at this point. I used to get lunch and takeout here regularly but I will NEVER go back now. I can get better Indian food out of a box and better service off of a food truck at this point. Unbelievable.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I ordered take out from here again, and this time instead of the 1-10 scale, the choices were mild, medium, hot, very hot, and Indian hot.  I would normally go for medium but after my last experience where a 7/10 was super mild I went for the hot, but my paneer sag came out with an obvious red tinge instead of a predominantly green color and it was so spicy I could barely eat it, and I love spicy food! I actually couldn\'t finish it since it was starting to bother my stomach which normally never happens to me when I eat spicy food. It had to be at least a "very hot" if not an "Indian hot" level.  I normally eat a 7 or 8 out of 10 on the spicy scale at other Indian restaurants but this was definitely higher. And it wasn\'t balanced well since the spice just overpowered all the other flavors so it was all I could taste. The food is generally good, and the service is prompt, but I wish they would get more consistent with their spice levels.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The place was dead when we got here and remained so throughout our dinner.  Only one other patron.  It appeared that they were doing some takeout.  Also I think they do a busy lunch.  Service was good and food was really good.  Would come back again.  Really enjoyed the chicken curry with mango.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordered delivery the last 2 weekends. The food was fantastic . Naan bread good, samosas the best we've had for a while. Mains shrimp tikka masala very good and chicken mango curry even better. Delivery was prompt. Highly recommended", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The buffet was straightforward and delicious. It was about $25 for two people for lunch. We stopped about 45 mins before they closed but food was still stocked and fresh. Restaraunt was quiet and clean. Bathrooms located in basement. My favorite dishes were the chicken tikka masala, saag, veggie korma and naan. Desserts were satisfying as well. Mango pudding with fruit chunks and warm gulab jamun so yummy. I will definitely keep this spot as one of my oakland favorites', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Best tikka in Pittsburgh and best mint chutney I've ever had.  Hot sauce lacks creativity and they should make more vegetarian dishes. I've been going here for more than 18 years. Owner is super nice and this place is popular among university and hospital crowds.  Delivery deal for two meals isn't too shabby.  Good biryanis if you order from the chef... owner has admitted to me it is his favorite thing to eat.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I am not much of a Yelp reviewer but after my experience here I had no choice but to write a review and let the public know about the food being served here.I have been going to Prince of India since my freshmen years ago and I had nothing but postive experiences for years but today may be my last day after what I found in my takeout buffet box.I ordered the buffet for takeout and as I was enjoying my lunch at home I found a MOSTLY EATEN SOGGY, CHEWED UP, NAAN in my chicken...Nope, not my own naan that I got because I had two FULL pieces of naan that I had previously already finished. I immediately stopped eating and just threw the rest away as my appetitie was now gone.Now how does a chewed up, eaten naan get into FRESHLY COOKED FOOD that is brought out often for the buffet? Well either someone was trying to sabotage the business which is highly unlikely because just why would someone do that or like other shady buffet restaurants, they REUSE FOOD brought back to the kitchen. There is absolutely NO REASON why leftover food brought back into the kitchen should go ANYWHERE NEAR freshly cooked food unless it is done on purpose. I am sorry but there is simply NO EXCUSE for this type of behavior.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have been for their lunch buffet a few times, and I do really like Indian food and I want to like this place, but here is how I feel about it. The goodDecent selection, relatively clean, and I think $10 with Pitt Id. is a fair price.The BadThe food wasn't awful, but it isn't that good either, bland but eatable, the items are almost the same everyday I have been there. Two of the waiters were one of the rudest I have seen (there is one guy who is actually nice), and its almost as if they don't want you to go there.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great Oakland gem! Super convenient for any students or people who work in Oakland. The buffet is a great deal (you get an unlimited variety of classic Indian dishes including dessert and chai tea). I usually go for normal dinner (not the buffet) and I get chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, or some type of chickpea dish. Always get the bread basket - my favorite part! I usually use a groupon which makes it even more affordable than it already is!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I enjoy this place. Would recommend getting the Chicken Vindaloo myself,  but you can't go wrong with the curry either. Their bread is amazing and so is their appetizer crackers and sauce. Beer selection has some funky brews worth trying.Buffet should be avoided, it sacrifices the quality of what you could be getting off the menu. Would go back and do recommend to others.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Didn\'t realize that choosing "spicy" meant setting your tastebuds and insides on fire. Seems like instead of adding salt and spice they added spice twice. It was essentially like eating chillies disguised as curries. You could literally see the red chilly oil or power covering the whole box. The rice was undercooked and the samosa chat was essentially pickled onions with an undercooked samosa in the middle.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great Indian food for a good price. Staff is quick and polite when ordering. All around my favorite Indian place in oakland.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is good for one or two occasions, but after having gone there once a week for the past two months, I'd definitely say I won't be craving Indian food for a while. The price is fair for the buffets, and the food is good, but the taste just all melts together after a plate in, and the spices can't be differentiated. The staff is friendly, and the ambiance is intimate.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Best Indian we've had since we moved to Pittsburgh! I think a lot of the bad reviews come from the buffet or from the spicy levels. Unlike other places we've found around here, they actually bring the heat without being overpowering.We opted for an order of chicken tikka masala, malai kofta and naan. The chicken was in large, juicy chunks and the kofta was well seasoned and creamy. The naan was crispy and chewy all at the same time.I think they also do happy hour specials from 5-7 that includes $3 off chicken entrees and a rotating deal of cheaper appetizers depending on the day. We'll definitely be coming back here often!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Sept 11 2019.... I am a  regular customer here and even though I noticed the decline in service and the mouse droppings ... I would (notice I say would)eat here when I wanted Indian food. I ordered to go and when I checked my order the chutneys for the samosa were not there .... At first the one gentleman lied and said they were in there until I showed him otherwise. Now please note we are talking about a 1oz serving of mint sauce here.  Another associate proceeded to tell me it would be extra and brought over a menu to prove me wrong and told me "I could have it this time but next time I have to pay" ..,, now I\'ve been coming here since it opened and never paid for this 1oz of chutney which was terrible and they give it to you free when you dine in...so I get home and the samosa was grease laden, the chicken saag was bitter and the rice was crunchy..., I went back the next day They accused me of eating half, told me I should\'ve used naan and insisted on making me another saag,but at that point they lost a long time customer go to Masala House they\'re slow but polite and clean', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had a large (10) group of doctors meeting this evening who wanted Indian take out delivered to west penn.  After some calling around I was pleased to find out that prince of India delivered to the hospital.We needed the food delivered as close to 5p as possible as we didn't want to interrupt the meeting by having it come later.  So at 240p (since they are closed 3-430). I called to see if I could place the order to give them plenty of time to make, etc.  They thanked us for doing this. 5pm comes and almost on the dot the delivery driver calls to say he's in the lobby.  Fantastic!  I get the food - (and left a hefty tip!) and take it up to to the docs. 5 of them got chicken tikka masala - all different spice levels.  NOT A SINGLE CONTAINER WAS MARKED.   Really?!?  Note to prince of India staff:  this would be incredibly helpful.  So the person who got a level 1 may have been stuck with a 5.  Not cool prince of India.  Really - not cool.  Not a single container out of everything - vegetarian dishes, meat dishes, etc were marked. So it was a guessing game.The naan (enough for 12) was essentially crumbled into a ball - no one could get a full piece of naan.  Oh - to make matters better we paid for raita - but I am currently sitting in the lobby (530p) waiting for it to be brought because they didn't bring it - or the driver left it in the car.  I was told 10 minutes - when I called them at 505p.  We asked for a credit - because everyone is done eating.  They refused. So we have wasted food and money.  It was finally delivered at 5:40p.We have another meeting like this in January and were planning Indian food.  But I don't imagine it will be with prince of India again.  What a disappointment.  Definitely avoid take out.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Got take out from this place. Great indian food! Want to stop in and dine in soon. Right downtown too! Chicken tikka and Mango veggie dish were awesome! Saag paneer was on point as well!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came here for the lunch buffet with a large group and had an okay experience. We were all in a famished state and wanted Indian food, and Prince of India was very conveniently located for us. We were the only party in the restaurant so it was pretty quiet and the buffet was not crowded. However, the food was extremely subpar. Most fried items were over cooked, the entrees lacked flavor, and nothing tasted very authentic.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Meh. While there is plenty of flavor, there is not heat at all. I get that a buffet has to be mild, but Gerber could have served this and probably bored an unadventurous infant. Naan was great, as others have noted, and service was attentive. But I will not be going here again, at least not for the buffet.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Garlic naan or plain naan? This is the first question. Ther second- why are the vibes in here so good? Is it the 333 inch flatscreen playing dank videos, or the abundant supply of all you can eat indian flavors? Or perhaps the full bar, colorful lights and booth seating. Or is it the impeccable service. Come for the buffet, stay for the comfort. Prince of India, you have my heart.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The lunch buffet is a really good deal, and great for anyone needing a quick reprieve from the hospital/university. There aren't tons of options, but the ones they do have are mostly vegetarian! The tea and desserts that are a part of the buffet are excellent, especially the mango and rice desserts which are my favorite part of the meal! There are also a lot of nice chutneys. If you're in a pinch, you can get the UPMC WiFi within the restaurant and bang out some work.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This was my second time here using the Groupon and it is the best deal EVER! I tried the chicken curry, the tikka masala, and the saag here and they all come with such flavorful sauces and tender chicken. But last time I came the tikka masala was not as tender because it felt like it was taken from the buffet tray. I also got the prince naan, which is naan with garlic, onion, and cilantro, and is a must when you're here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "UPDATE:The management at Prince of India has since reached out to me and said they have made some positive changes as a result of my experience. They have invited me back free of charge to give them a second try. I am willing to take them up on this offer, but I am not sure when my schedule will allow it. That being said, I feel it is important to mention that they took this step to provide excellent customer service. In the meantime, I'll add a star.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My husband and I had a chance to try the dinner buffet (only $13 and $11 with student ID) and we really enjoyed every item that was on offer. The buffet comes with naan of your choice, deserts, and tea as well. Overall the spice level is very mild, so if you're specifically looking for spicy Indian food you might want to order off the menu and specify that to the server. However, everything was flavorful and cooked very authentically. Would definitely come back again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place needs renovation big time. Chai was tooo sweet! They brought a replacement on my request but I think it's pre-made,so I couldn't do much with it. My Samosa Chat wasn't great. I'll check it out again for a larger order.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "When I'm craving Indian food and want to eat nonstop, I come here. I've only had the lunch and dinner buffet. While you're filling your first plate, they will give you a basket of freshly baked naan. The buffet isn't as big as other restaurants around the Pittsburgh area, but they do have the standard Indian buffet fare (tikka masala, tandoori chicken, paneer, etc.). Wash it down with Taj Mahal or any of the Asian lagers they have on the menu. Save some room for dessert! Their mango yogurt pudding and rice pudding is to-die-for.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of my favorite restaurants!!About the buffet:I've only had buffet here once or twice. It is not very flavorful to me because I LOVE spicy food. But for that price you can't really expect more. Other food:I always order chicken tikka masala-- it's a MUST! It is the best tasting curry I had in Pittsburgh, or ever! It is spicy and creamy at the same time... I don't really know how to explain it but you have to try it! I always order plain naans with it. I've also tried out other curry but to me nothing taste better than chicken tikka masala. I don't like the rice at all but I guess it's caused by cultural difference rather than bad cooking. My friend has no problem with it.Service:The waiters are very polite and friendly. I rarely have to ask for more water, and when you are eating Indian curry, not having water is the last thing you want. After going there a couple of times, one of the waiters remembered me and would give me and my friend a cup of soda every time we go there. I've never had any issue with the waiters there. They have very good manners. Environment:The restaurant is very clean and well organized. I also like the Indian music they always play in the background. The restaurant is comparatively quiet.All in all, this is a really nice restaurant especially considering their price is a fraction of other Indian restaurant I've been to in Pittsburgh. I've been eating here for about 4 years and the experience had always been very enjoyable. Now that I moved to LA, I really miss this place.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited this restaurant with a friend for lunch a week ago.  We were having an informal lunch meeting to talk about some business, so I suggested this place and a couple of others that were convenient for both of us.  She chose Prince of India, so we both met up here around noon.Technically, I'd been once before, but I hadn't actually eaten anything here because I'd already had dinner, so I count this as being my first time.  The food is your typical Indian buffet fare, including chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, saag, pita bread, navratan korma, and rice on the hot bar, and several vegetables and sauces on the cold bar.  I picked up some of all of the aforementioned dishes, plus some cucumber yogurt sauce from the cold bar.  I found the food pretty average in quality for Indian buffet food--not great, but not horrible, either.  Because I wasn't terribly impressed, I stuck with one plate, and didn't go for seconds.At the time of our visit, the dining room was pretty quiet, so it was a good place to have a business lunch.  (Indeed, I spotted one of my supervisors in the row of tables on the other side talking to a colleague...)  The decor is pretty nondescript for an Indian restaurant, with one TV playing Bollywood music videos in the back.If you study or work at Pitt or UPMC, be sure to bring your ID to take advantage of the $1 discount.  The lunch buffet price is $9, which is pretty average for the area.  Given the average food, average decor, average prices, and even average service, the main thing this place has going for it is convenience for those who work in Oakland.  If you're able to do so, I'd recommend walking down Atwood or over to Craig to check out the superior Indian offerings there.  However, if you need a quiet, uncrowded place for lunch and don't want to walk any further than Fifth Ave., Prince of India will do just fine.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I live a block away from Prince so I eat here frequently, but that's more a matter of convenience and price over taste.I usually opt for the dinner buffet, as it includes made to order naan at a fairly low price ($9 for eat in and $7 for takeout). The food at the buffet is hit or miss. The chicken tikka masala is acceptable but too creamy, and the chicken can be dry. Their tandoori chicken is great compared to other Oakland Indian spots, and the chicken curry is a bit bland but the chunks of dark meat chicken are tender and juicy.Vegetable entrees usually fare better than the meats. Chana (chickpeas) are meaty and hearty, the rajma (kidney beans) is spicy and bold, and most other vegetable offerings are decent albeit a bit greasy.Fresh naan is the best part of the meal, it's soft with a decent amount of char for a texturally rich bite. Don't order off the menu, the food isn't a big step up from the buffet and is overpriced (unless you get the tandoori meats, which are prepared quite well). Go to India Garden, Star of India, or Tamarind instead for a la carte.The dining room is surprisingly quiet yet very dimly lit, probably to save money on electric bills. Hindi music videos play on the TV, and they have a fridge appropriately stocked with Four Loko.In summary, go for cheap prices and middle of the road Indian food. Other Oakland Indian joints may do slightly better food, but not at such a great price.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Prince of India is by far the most convenient option for a Pitt student that needs to satiate their Indian food cravings. I have been here many a time, with decent experiences. My most recent experience definitely made me want to write a review because I had such an attentive server. I ordered the lentil daal in an attempt to try something new (I usually order mattar paneer or saag), with the spiciest spice level they could do. That\'s usually what I tell them, too, because if I say 10, they\'ll give me "white girl 10", which is still too mild for my taste.When the lentil daal came out, it was still not hot enough! I don\'t know if it was the texture of the lentils or the flavors in the dish, but I was regretting not ordering my usual. However, I guess the waiter picked up that it wasn\'t spicy enough. He said, "How is the spice level?" and I said, "Still not hot enough, but that\'s okay!" However he wasn\'t going to take that as an answer. He took my dish and brought back a hotter dish. The spice level was much more to my liking, and I am very thankful for his attentiveness. Aside from the daal, the naan was not nearly as fluffy and soft as it usually is. I would venture to guess there was too much flour in the dough, but it was inconsistent with my previous experiences eating Prince of India\'s naan, which is almost always light and fluffy. All in all, I will definitely be going back to Prince of India. Mostly due to convenience.Tip: order an individual dish, don\'t go for the buffet. It always tastes less delicious than the entrees.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I ordered chicken biryani through seamless app.and their biryani tasted like sambar rice. They really need to improve a lot. A huge disappointment.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'It\'s good service and decent food. Have had dinner there a couple of times and it\'s pretty good value for money. Had a la carte once and dinner buffet once when there was a "so hungry cannot wait" group of 8 of us. While it was good and solid value for money, don\'t think I\'ll be going for buffet again. If you do go, check out their crackers mixed with pickled onion and green chutney. Add some red sauce on top of that - heavenly! Good service too - the waitstaff is courteous and pleasant. My SO wasn\'t happy that I left 25+% tip, for a buffet! Lesson learned for me. Sorry, Prince! But I think you can afford it ;-)', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been to the buffet a few times and the food is all right. Their rice on the buffet ends up really dry. It could be just cooked wrong, or else it's been on the buffet way too long. It's a smaller buffet, so options are limited. It's not the best Indian buffet in the area, but it's really cheap and close to Pitt and UPMC, so it's convenient, and they have a discount with ID. It's always really dim there though, and the booths are not very comfortable, a lot of the seats sink in awkwardly. I've never seen is crowded, so it seems the general consensus is that it's not great. The staff is sometimes on the phone making personal calls when you're trying to pay, which is frustrating.We ordered delivery from there through Grubhub last night at 7:40pm. The food was supposed to arrive around 9:00. We called them, and they said they never got the fax from Grubhub, but then conveniently received it when on the phone with us. They said they'd send the food out. We called again around 10 since the food hadn't arrived still, but they were closed so nobody answered. Then we had to call Grubhub, who said the problem was not on their end and that the fax was received. They talked to the delivery person who said that he was on the way. Finally 5 minutes later the food came, but the delivery guy said he couldn't get up the hill because of snow and asked us to come down. When we brought the food in, the one thing was wrong, which meant our vegetarian friend didn't even have anything she could eat. The rice in our order was super dry, almost crunchy, like they just packaged up whatever was left on the buffet. The naan was good. I liked my saag. I tried someone else's chicken vindaloo and it was good, but not spicy at all. I'm not sure what actually happened with the fax, but it's really convenient that they got the fax exactly when we were on the phone with them. The order was messed up with no way to fix it so late at night, so one person didn't even get to eat.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Small place but with BIG flavor. Their recipe for matar paneer and chicken tikka masala is perhaps the best i've had yet. Be sure to get the garlic naan! it's also best of the best", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I really don't get all the hate that this places gets.  What brought us in was the offer they had on Group on.  Anyway I am a bit picky about India food because I really am not a fan of spicy food. However, I was not disappointed.We parked a couple of blocks as this establishment does not have parking. Since we came in on a Sunday evening it was a little empty when we arrived. We were immediately seated in the table of our choice and provided waters right away. Ordered samosas which were pretty tasty for appetizers. For the entree I opted for lamb saag, with no spice. My husband when for the chicken mango curry. I will say that the saag was not spicy and I was able to enjoy it, which is something that is hard to find and the main reason that I dont go to Indian restaurants that frequently. My husbands had a bit of a kick but was quite flavorful. We were provided with some delicious garlic naan and a large helping of rice which was refilled upon request. In addition to the food, I ordered some mango lassis which were outstanding. Anyway overall the decor is nothing to write home about, but the food and the service are definitely on point and would def check them out again if I am in the area.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "It's really good! The garlic naan is THE BEST. I always go when the buffet is available", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wish I read the reviews before ordering. A big no no if you care for your health and money. This place is disrespecting Indian Cuisine. Someone please tell the chef that there's a difference between red chilli and tomato paste. Please dont burn people's mouth and stomach with your mildness.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Prince of India has a solid, though not expansive, buffet. Last dinner buffet I had there included very good chicken tikka masala, saag, tandoori chicken, excellent chili chicken, turnip masala, vegetable korma, and channa masala, plus a small salad and dessert bar. Rice also, of course. You also get unlimited self serve soft drinks included in the price.At lunch, there is naan on the buffet, but at dinner you get fresh naan of your choice, which is a delicious upgrade. The buffet food is always good, but could be a bit more aggressively spiced. I understand why buffets are never spiced "hot," but some dishes here could just use more flavor. I have had a la carte several times, and it\'s excellent. However, as with other Indian restaurants, the portions are really small for the price, so I tend to stick to the buffet. UPMC and student discounts, too.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've visited a fair number of Indian restaurants but this one was not quite up to the mark. I went for the lunch buffet on a weekday and the food was too bland for my taste. They had a fairly standard menu: rice, roti, pakoras, two vegetarian and two non vegetarian sabzis. For desert, there was gulab jamun (probably my favorite thing there) and kheer. They had chai as well, but it wasn't hot unfortunately. All in all, there is ample scope for improvement from both a variety and quality perspective.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The worst food I ever had in Pittsburgh. I tried it the first time after seeing positive reviews of it for a very long time. But it was pathetic! I ordered Samosa chaat which had Potato and Green peppers. Who puts peppers in a chaat? Looks like he used leftovers to make chaat. Second thing I ordered was veg biryani which was stale. I threw up almost 4 time after having that last night. Pathetic food. I would have given -5 if there was an option. Health loss + $20 wasted!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So we were deciding on an evening bite but were dining on a budget. Groupon never lets me down in this area. So we found one for this place. $15 for $30 worth of food. I thought that was a great deal.We made our way into Oakland and the restaurant was located on 5thA just across from the hospitals. When we entered there was only one waiter serving everyone and seating. We had to wait for nearly 10 minutes while he took the orders of other guests before we were seated. Our table was comfortable but a little worn out. The groupon didn't apply to the buffet so we just ate off the menu. We ordered a samosa and channa chat. The channa chat was a chick pea dish, served chilled and the samosa was deep fried, hot and delicious!! The channa was just as good, it packed a lot of flavor and was served with onions and green peppers. For our main entree we order chicken tiki masala and lamb mango curry. For some reason i thought my chicken was going to be a wet dish but i was rather dry. The chicken skin was a little tough and dry although the meat was very moist and tasted like it had been grilled.My hubby's dish was a lot better than mine but it was very spicy. He ordered a 6 spicy level but it was more like a 9. I was a little disappointed that we didn't get much lamb in the dish and the sauce wasn't plentiful either. For $13.99 I figured the would get a little more curry. The groupon was good in this regard that i didn't pay full price for my food. Overall I mostly enjoyed the appetizer and onion naan bread.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So I can't say I'm an expert at Indian cuisine, but we decided to have the friday night buffet.  So we arrived at the restaurant at around 7:30pm, which we expected to be at it's busiest time of the week, and walked in to find one waitstaff, and two tables with patrons eating at them.  We approached the buffet to find a single table with about 8 hot entrees, all of them looking dry and unappealing.  I tried the chicken curry, the chicken tikka masala, and some rice.  The chicken was dry, and cubed and tasted like it was fresh out the can about four hours under a lamp.  The rice was so dried out, that it was almost hard.  The Chicken Biryani was so disgusting that I spit it out.  Our dirty plates sat on the table during the entire meal, not picked up by the waiter, who seemed too busy in the back to be tending to his tables.Upset and displeased, we left our table after ten minutes sitting there, and stood at the counter, because he never came out to give us a check.  After a few minutes, he noticed us standing there to pay and came to the counter, then bombarded by everyone else in the restaurant to pay while the waiter was out and paying attention to his patrons.  I can assure you that I'm no indian food expert, but I also know that's not how to run a restaurant.  It's no surprise that the restaurant was dead at prime time on a friday night in the middle of a college town.  I can promise you, I will never spend another dollar in that restaurant again.  Gordon Ramsay would have went apeshit.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Had catering from here last week, and loved it! I've never been in person.  Indian food is always veg friendly, so I should really be eating more of it.The items we had:Matar Paneer: cheese cubes in an incredible tomato-cream sauce with grean peas. I'm not even a fan of peas and I loved this! It was just the right mix of spicy and rich.Chana Masala: stewed chickpeas that were spicier than I was expecting, but also really good.Palak Aloo: It's usually hit or miss with me with Indian spinach dishes - this was the weakest of the three, as it was the least flavorful.The naan is the perfect level of chewiness, even after time in transit - that made me so happy! All in all very good, will probably hit up the buffet sometime in the near future.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We had a Groupon, so we tried this place out. I would have happily paid full price, and then some!  When you walk in the door, you are hit with the most welcoming, and amazing, aromas from the kitchen. We were instantly greeted by the waiter, which I appreciate. We ordered  the Vegetable Mango Curry, with the number 2 heat level.  Man was it delicious!  It's was just sweet enough but also just spicy enough that neither way was overwhelming. The Vegetable Korma was spiced perfectly, with big chunks of potatoes, carrots and broccoli cooked so well that they melted in your mouth. The plain Naan was fluffy on top but crisp on the bottom and edges. We also  tried a Naan stuffed with raisins and shaved almonds, which compliment the meal nicely. We were even given a free order of warm honey balls for dessert. Yum!  The waiter was very kind and attentive the whole time we were there. I cannot recommend this place higher!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food was amazing I would give that full 5 stars!!! Unfortunately I had a bad experience that makes me give o my 4. I was not at the restaurant but delivery and I'm not sure if it was a normal person who works there or just someone that drives but he represented then and made it unpleasant.  I would highly recommend the restaurant. Everything I ordered was perfect!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'm from Atlanta and we have a lot of choices in Indian food.  This one ranks up high on the list for service and freshness. From the moment we were seated, our waiter was attentive, helpful and courteous!  We had great conversation and he made wonderful recommendations. The food was very, very good- we tried the different platters. The quantity could be a bit more. The chai was exceptional!  The decor is nothing special but I can let that go for the wonderful service.Next time I think we may try the buffet. A lot of the students ate from it and said good things. The choices looked good. Looking forward to going back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A quiet, comfortable eatery to enjoy the specialties of Indian cuisine, available at the buffet for lunch and dinner. Provided is a variety of freshly made dishes including my favorites, saag and chana masala. They offer a very tasty chai tea, also a favorite of mine to pair with a deliciously somewhat spicy meal. Naan is also served with the buffet - all for a price you really can't beat, especially if you're a college student in search of a good, satisfying meal. The menu also provides a wide variety if dishes. This joint is conveniently situated on 5th Avenue in Oakland, and is within a nice two-mile walking distance from the South Side. Thank you for the tasty eats, Prince of India! We will surely be back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "AWESOME all day buffet for an affordable price! Its made with love too; They don't skimp on the quality like some other buffets. They always have the Indian favorites, tikka masala, saag paneer, and if you're VEGAN, you'll probably fall in love. They offer so many vegan options. A+", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Want Indian spicy levels? Prince of India is the best choice all around Oakland. I order takeouts from this location at least twice a week. I usually get their Paneer Tikka Masala from the menu with a spicy level 7/10. The Chef is so nice, consistent, and perfect with his flavors that every time I order from this place, it feels like it is better than the last time i had it! I personally feel that their Naans(Breads) are the best. They are properly cooked, have a great flavor and texture to them as well. The one thing i love about this place is that these guys make your order the way you want it to be. I usually switch around with the spice levels and also sometimes would ask them to keep my Naan a bit crispier, and they are on point every single time. Recently i have also noticed a fast pace while preparing the orders. I never have to wait more than 15 minutes to get my order which is the best thing!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This was my very first time ordering from Prince of India.  I was a little nervous to submit my order because the reviews had been so mixed on Grub Hub.  Many had given 1-star calling the food tasteless and greasy.  However, I felt differently about the food...and boy was that a relief! I ordered the Fish Masala and Samosa Chaat.I'd never had fish masala before: the fish was salmon, fresh salmon at that...and it was great!  I loved the sauce.  The salmon was cooked well and the portion was great.  Basmati rice was included.  The portion was so large that I couldn't really get to the samosa chaat.  However, I still managed to taste it.The samosa chaat was not as high in my ratings.  I'm used to a cold chaat, or at least that's what I prefer.  The few times I've had it warm the yogurt was visible.  I'm not sure if the yogurt was mixed in or just absolutely missing.  I also don't see any crisps...unless they are mixed in and soggy.I think that I may reorder the fish Marsala!  Time will tell about the samosa chaat...", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I enjoy going to the prince of Indian.  I love the curry chicken from the menu but the portion size is to small it cost more than the buffet and they barely give you any chicken.  So I usually get the Tandoori Chicken which is also good.  The staff is pleasant and attentive.  Give the Prince of India a try , you won't be disappointed.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My favorite Indian spot in Oakland! I always go for the buffet as it's a better deal and the regular menu is a little expensive. I'm never disappointed!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went in with a friend on a Groupon coupon. I had the Chicken Chili at a spice level of 7. I'll probably try a lower spice level next time but the food was excellent. I did find a piece of string in my water. Can't say I was thrilled with that.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great service! small buffet 2-3 chicken choices rice and 3-4 side options but all very tasty best mint chutney I've ever had!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place schmacks. Crispy and chewy naan, perfectly spiced dishes, and amazing gulab jamun. Very fair pricing + filling. Nice waiters. Offered us a free dessert.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Over the last 2 years, Prince of India has become my go-to place for Indian take out.  I've never gone there to eat at their restaurant, but the food I've ordered to-go has consistently been good.  They have a pick two vegetarian entrees which is what I usually get, and it comes with a large container of basmati rice and naan.  I usually get an extra order of naan because it's so good (the onion naan and the naan w/ cauliflower are especially good).The portions are always generous and the delivery people are always nice.  I order through grub hub and you can add your spiciness preference.  I don't believe their drivers have insulated pouches/bags for the orders so by the time it goes from Oakland to my place in Bloomfield, it usually needs a little nuke in the microwave.  But that's really no big deal, and I tend to like food that's piping hot, maybe warmer than most people.  Would definitely recommend.  :)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'prince of india never fails me. I literally eat here way to often. I have never had a bad meal here. My favorite is the chicken tikka masala. I have eaten at a lot of indian places in pittsburgh but prince of india is no doubt the best.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I have walked pass this place for 5 years almost everyday. I went in to have lunch and enjoyed every bite. I did get the buffet...they had very good choices. Next', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is one of the worst Indian food I've had in a while. I went there for the dinner buffet and started with the appetizers. The pakoras were too dry. They had no taste in them. The chicken biryani was basically uncooked rice with small pieces of unsavory chicken. And the Tandoori chicken had an unusual smell to it. Coming to the main course: The chicken tikka masala had a rubber-like texture. The saag and the malai kofta, even though had rich gravy, had practically the same taste (too buttery). The chicken curry was good. The only thing I really liked about the food was the dessert. They had mango ice cream, kheer and gulab jamun. Conclusion: If you guys want to taste authentic Indian food, avoid this place! This will leave a bad taste in your mouth. It does not justify the $12 ($10 on student ID) price tag. I would not go there again. Also, my two stars for this place is solely because of the desserts.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Prince of India offered a pretty stellar Groupon deal. I took the plunge and am glad I did. The first time I went, I had the buffet. The only vegan options in the buffet were chana masala and dal. While not abysmal, the meal was decidedly forgettable, and I was frustrated to discover my discount was not applicable to the buffet as it meant a return trip would be necessitated.As it turned out, the second time was definitely the charm. My girlfriend and I were thoroughly impressed by our (modified non-dairy version of) the mouth-watering veg thali with its aromatic fresh vegetables, savory legumes, flaky samosa, and crisp but tender roti. The meal left us with satisfied bellies, and when the chef emerged from the kitchen, we couldn\'t help but give him two big thumbs up. Wowza! This is one "prince" that ought to be king - of the Pittsburgh culinary scene, at least!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Worse food, uncooked chicken, too much oil. Never seen tikka masala too red, too oily and almost no cream.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My first time here was on a Wednesday around noon and I tried the $10 lunch buffet. The place was relatively empty but got more crowded as lunchtime approached, and the waiters was very attentive the entire time. I don't know too much about different Indian dishes but everything I tried was delicious, especially the naan with the spinach and potato dip, and a salad with chickpeas, onions, and green peppers. There were plenty of dishes along with salads, rice, and dessert. Fountain drinks and chai tea (you can choose to have it with or without sugar) were also included in the lunch buffet. Overall this was a great value for the buffet and I really enjoyed it! I would definitely stop by again for a quick lunch.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "my husband and I really love Indian food and before we moved here from Baltimore we'd order it via delivery pretty frequently. So we decided to give this place a shot. Calling the order in was painful, The person who was taking the order had us repeat numbers frequently and even after spelling Walnut twice, he still did not seem sure that he knew what we were telling him. We should have taken this as a sign.I ordered palak paneer - my favorite - what arrived was very different - something with peas and it was orange instead of green. When we called in to complain the person who answered the phone did not understand what the problem was and passed the phone to someone else who argued with us telling us we did not order palak paneer but what I found out later to be mata paneer. I've never even heard of this - we did not have a menu and just ordered our favorites.  Instead of trying to make the situation right, by replacing the food or offering to remove the wrong dish from our bill ,they offered the next entree free. We continued with dinner and immediately we knew this was the worst Indian carry out we'd ever had. the sauces were really thin and tasted weird. The cheese in my dish had a really off texture compared to the dozen or so places I've ordered this dish from. Since I had never tried mata paneer before maybe it is supposed to taste like a lot of sugar was added. I do, however, know that Tikka Masala is not supposed to taste sour. We had asked for both to be medium spicy but the chef must have put the spice in twice, it was so hot that it was barely edible. The garlic and regular nan, on the other hand, was excellent. The rice that came with it lacked all of the cardamon pods etc in it that I've always had with indian carry out.... it was just plain, really dry, unseasoned rice.After tossing out most of it both of us felt very ill and bloated after the meal, i really thought I was going to vomit. Between the service and the lack of quality of the meal, we will never order from this place again. They can keep their free entree.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I went to this place for a lunch buffet on a Saturday.Everything from the appetizers to the dessert was stale, probably a few days old. The quality was pathetic and had a lot of potential to make you really sick. The Naan was visibly stale, let alone the taste of it. I shall not go there again.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fast service, good value. Lamb vindaloo was flavorful  and the chicken Tikka was very good too. To end our meal we had rice pudding which was very enjoyable.They had a Groupon and they do a 10% off discount for UPMC employees. Will be visiting again!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is mediocre for Indian food. We had the dinner buffet which comes with naan bread, fountain soda, and chai tea which is real yummy.  The price with tax is $12.86. The lighting is dim in this place. Especially over the buffet which makes no sense. Service is sub par. One server for the whole joint. Atmosphere is decent. They have warm lighting and a brick wall. Over all not bad but not great.', 'review_rating': None}]