Information about Roots Natural Kitchen{"businesses": [{"id": "Q7OsHUJgkPHuHNTDBJqPag", "alias": "roots-natural-kitchen-pittsburgh", "name": "Roots Natural Kitchen", "image_url": "https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/g_v1zTyaTDSJU_nxcPal0g/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/roots-natural-kitchen-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 211, "categories": [{"alias": "salad", "title": "Salad"}, {"alias": "raw_food", "title": "Live/Raw Food"}], "rating": 4.5, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.44076, "longitude": -79.95783}, "transactions": ["pickup", "delivery"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "3610 Forbes Ave.", "address2": "", "address3": null, "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["3610 Forbes Ave.", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14129043190", "display_phone": "(412) 904-3190", "distance": 311.9026652830795}], "total": 5, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:BBQ Tofu,El Jefe,Roots Rice,Roots Bowl,Lil Bob Cobb,Miso Tofu,Southern Bowl,Roasted Broccoli,Pesto Caesar,Mad Bowl,Ponzu Chicken Bowl,Salad Bowl,Balboa Bowl,Mayweather Bowl,
[{'review_text': "Like a prayer (almost) instantly answered (less than a 24-hour wait), I discovered another Roots Natural Kitchen location just a few minutes from the Carnegie Mellon University's III (Integrated Innovation Institute) and CS department.  I was in disbelief when I happened to see it.I was just thinking yesterday on the Ohio State University campus that I wish that I could eat at Roots Natural Kitchen again.  I had no idea that they had some other locations in the Midwest.This time I got the El Capitan bowl.  It put a huge smile on my face because Yosemite NP.  There's even a California near Pittsburgh, although not quite as cool as the real California.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love the different combinations you can make at roots. The bbq tofu is my favorite. It's just been getting too expensive lately, and I don't want to spend 15 dollars on something I can attempt to make at home.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Roots has affordable and very customizable options so anyone is able to get a bowl to their liking. The dressings that they have are amazing and will even let you try a new dressing on the side. I had come here with a friend who was visiting and the staff explained how to order patiently and allowed my friend to fell more comfortable ordering. They have both indoor and outdoor seating. The inside can be noisy sometimes with some of the cooking in the background but overall this place is always one I look forward to when I come to Pittsbugh.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Tasty, healthy, filling bowls. I got the balboa bowl which was a brown rice base (I added spinach as a secondary base) grilled sweet potato, roasted corn, pita chips, avocado, lime pickled red onion with lots of chicken. Very yummy! Most of their seating is downstairs which is dark and somewhat cramped. I'd recommend getting their food for takeout.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I  took a Lyft from the VA hospital to the restaurant. I honestly could have walked. I did opt to walk back. This  place is in trend and similar to any bowl restaurant  you have ever dined  at. I ordered one of their popular bowls.  The food was very tasty. I really enjoyed every bite. My only complaint would be that the chicken was over cooked, and as a result a little dry. Please note that the dinning area is downstairs. It's  a small space, and admittedly I was not a fan of the smell. Not sure what it smells like, but just not fresh. Regarding service: A+++++. It was the cashier for me! I wish I would have grabbed her name because she deserves a raise. Her personality was so bubbly and she really seems to like what she does. Her energy is so contagious. If you are hav ing a bad day, interacting with her will be a guaranteed way to make it better. You  must check this spot out for fresh and tasty food  complimented by stellar service. Honestly, the  female cashier makes up for the other staff  providing mediocre service", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Quickly prepared, very tasty, and good amount of food for the price. Nice spot to grab lunch.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fresh ingredients, fast and friendly service and delicious healthy bowls!I love coming to Roots in Oakland for their fresh and healthy bowls. I used to come here like 3x a week for quick and filling meals between classes. I've tried plenty of their premade bowls, but figured out my favorite combination of ingredients. So there are endless possibilities to choose from!The menu is allergy friendly and there is a list of all their allergens in store or online. Ordering is easy in store, as you can point to your 5 included ingredients in your bowl, plus a primary base, secondary base, protein and dressing! They also offer orders via their app, which is easy to use. The cost of a bowl now averages close to $13, but still affordable for the quality of ingredients. Making a fancy salad at home just isn't the same!Parking is rough in Oakland, but doable. My favorite go-to takeout in Oakland!tldr;food 5/5service 4/5interior 4/5", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Healthy and delicious bowls made with fresh ingredients! They have fantastic vegan and vegetarian options, and their service is fast and friendly. My personal favorite bowls are the El Jefe and the Balboa. Their chicken can be dry sometimes, but their miso tofu is phenomenal. They also have convenient and versatile catering options, including mega bowls and individual bowls. There really isn't a lot of space to sit, so I always order my food to-go.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Roots is a place where you order your own salad or bowl, and then walk next to it as the expert staff behind the counter, prepare it, mix it, and serve it up.  You can order a variety of greens as a base, add rice, beans, corn, many other things. The pace is rapid, the service is excellent. I had the El jefe with kale black beans roasted corn And grilled chicken. It was great.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Really tasty, we'll priced bowls. They have great vegan and vegetarian options, and I am always happy with the quality and speed of service. Additionally, it is a quieter and easy place to eat a quick meal. Never been disappointed, plus they did an amazing job prepping and labeling bowls for a large group order, which we have not gotten for other local fast casual restaurants.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After spending 10 weeks in Philly, I was craving a nourishing bowl from roots! Roots has a bunch of pre made bowls, most of which are delicious, but I went with a build your own. I had a primary base of kale, a secondary base of roots rice, some sweet potatoes, broccoli, onion, tomatos, and the chicken! Honestly it was so nourishing and filling, and was exactly what I needed! The bowls are big enough to get at least two meals out of them! My mom got the mayweather bowl, but switched the dressing for the dressing on the El Jefe (with the works), and it was soooo good! That's definitely going to be my go-to pre-made bowl from now on! I can't wait for the school year to start so I can swing by roots in the middle of the day for an awesome lunch!Also, the staff here was super friendly and made for an awesome experience! Definitely recommend the roots in Oakland!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Love this place. Got the bbq tofu for the first time and have decided I will always be a finer miso tofu firm from now on. The bbq tofu was good but very saucy and just not as great of a flavor as the miso tofu. Love the lemon tahini dressing. Quick, casual, cheap for quantity and quality. Big fan.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Good selection of food for a good price! The Mayweather bowl is a favorite. Built our own bowl with miso tofu, miso ginger dressing, and plenty of veggies. The roasted sweet potato elevates every bowl. Depending on what you get, you can make two meals.The staff is good at handling a large influx of customers and they work together well.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious and really healthy fast-casual! They got my order wrong, but it tasted really good. I wish I had one of these near me, I would go all the time.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Incredibly helpful staff that takes the time to ensure ingredients are safe for their customers and answer all questions', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Was craving a healthy meal and this seemed like just the place! They have bowls and salads on the menu, or you can build your own, but it seems like it's cheaper in the long run to do one from their menu. You can sub out ingredients too. I got a salad with kale and bulgar wheat, beets, broccoli, avocado, and grilled chicken. They have several dressings to choose from, I got the basil balsamic and lemon za'atar. It's about $13 and you do get a hefty portion. I wasn't able to finish in one sitting. I was pretty disappointed with the flavor unfortunately. The chicken was quite dry which kinda ruined it for me. The flavor overall wasn't amazing. I could have gotten the wrong thing!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Roots is a very popular lunch spot in Oakland. It is one of just a few restaurants with a lot of extremely healthy options with many options for vegans & vegetarians. A lot of their dishes have kale which is not my favorite green veggie by any means.  I went with a Cesar salad with chicken when we stopped by for lunch. The portions are hefty, prices what you can expect and they do have inside dining in their basement.  I was extremely surprised when I asked for a plastic knife and they said they do not have knives-only forks and spoons. So I guess no cutting my salad which seemed very odd. Anyway if you are in the need of leafy greens this is the place for you.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "university nostalgia food tour ~me and everyone i know absolutely love the el jefe with the works :) pair it with boba from fuku and enjoy a lovely picnic at flagstaff hill on a (rare) sunny sunday afternoon xoxoever since this spot opened here, i've never craved chipotle ever again. everything about a roots bowl is superior: a large selection of healthier customizable ingredients that provide interesting textural variety. the service is always fantastic.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'First off I loveee a good salad and this was amazing salad. I did online order and customized my salad, I loved the fresh ingredients I had to choose from. yes it is a basic salad place but there nothing wrong with the basics. My only thing is the extras charge for certain indigents are kind of steep. anyways if your looking for a salad place in Pittsburgh, this should definitely be on the list', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Decent flavor but very generic, yet more expensive than other build your own bowl places that offer a lot more ingredient options (especially protein). I got a roots bowl with chicken which came out to be $16. You only get 5 toppings in the base price but the toppings are almost all simple generic veggies, and chicken/avocado are extra. Chicken was the only meat option but it was super dry and tough to chew. Bowl was relatively filling though and I did like the garlic-y flavor of the roots purple rice.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food was super delicious and filling. There are so many different options for the bowls as well. Would love to go back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Big fan of Roots Natural Kitchen when I'm looking for a quick and healthy lunch option close by to work! My go-to order is a custom bowl with kale as a primary base and brown rice as my secondary base. You can add up to 5 ingredients before incurring additional charges, though be aware that avocado counts as 3 and a boiled egg counts as 2. I'll usually top it off with grilled red chili miso tofu or chicken. Ordering via the app can be convenient for takeout, but definitely order in advance around lunchtime or else you'll have a longer wait. Sometimes, it's actually quicker to order in-person, but it can be hard sometimes to communicate your ingredients choices over the general noise and music if you're making a custom bowl.Overall, I order here at least once a week and would definitely recommend!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Loved this place. Excellent and friendly service. I tried the El Jefe bowl. It was delicious. Everything was tasty and fresh. Serving size was huge. Probably too expensive for most students, but for a visiting parent it was a great find. Convenient location as well.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love this place!QUALITY ingredients!! Creatively Made!! Super Nourishing!! Well Balanced!! Very Flavorful!! Affordable prices!!Generous portions!! I would come here all the time if they had one in my area and the parking was convenient We got the Roots Bowl, Mad bowl and the Southern and loved all 3The Roots Bowl would have to be my absolute favorite of the three - the goat cheese and cranberries with the onions and lemon tahini really did it for me - the only thing was that I had to pick out those pita chips to make it gluten free and I wish they have a crunchy alternative that was gluten free My second favorite woukd have to be the Mad bowl because of the grilled mushrooms and the pesto vinaigrette with the red onion and shaved parmesian... You could put that pesto on anything and it would be good plus I am a pretty big fan of grilled mushrooms The Southern was also a pretty big hit with the BBQ tofu.. I LOVED the way the roasted broccoli, kale, corn, pickled onions and cheddar complimented that dish as well and it was such a delight... It reminds me of how amazing pickled onions and roasted broccoli can be I really want to try the other menu choices that they have here because I really feel like you can't go wrong with this place... The rice that comes with all the meals is amazing and I truly felt nourished and satisfied with this foodI highly recommend stopping by and picking a bowl or two up on your way home if you are in the area this will more than fill you for lunch and you will probably have leftovers for dinner", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Roots Rocks!!  This food is very good and healthy!!  We got our order to go and we were impressed.  This is a good choice for people who like burrito bowls with good protein options.  The price is right.  I had a chicken bowl on brown rice.  I ate half of my meal and saved the other half for another meal.  My bowl was a large portion.  Staff was friendly and fast.  I would like to get a "Roots" here in Denver.  People here would love it!!  I will be back...', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So good. So healthy. Nice workers. I wish they allowed unlimited toppings but their suggested bowl options are good.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Go-to spot for healthy food at the end of my day! Roots is an excellent spot for salads/rice bowls with a large variety of bases, and toppings. My personal favorite is the Pesto Caesar which is an effective remix of the classic Caesar with pita chips instead of croutons and added pesto vinaigrette. I like to add some roasted weet potatoes for some added heft. This spot is bang in the middle of Oakland so can be super busy during weekday lunchtimes w lost of Pitt students milling about. Consider ordering ahead through their app.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I can't believe it took me so long to try this place.  People at work always ordered from here, but, sadly, only on days I packed lunch.  I did wait to make lunch plans here until after Pitt's graduation so that it would be less crowded.  It was still busy,  but the line moved fast. I got the Lil Bob Cobb salad,  and didn't make any changes.  It was a delicious salad,  and I'd definitely get this one again.  The ingredients tasted so fresh,  and you could see them cooking large batches of chicken on the grill. I love that they have so many set menu items in addition to the create your own bowls. Staff were nice and efficient.  The cashier was amazing, and so friendly.  My friend said she is always there and always has a positive attitude.  We ate downstairs, but dressing is very limited. Most peyote take their orders to go, and I could see it being impossible to get a seat sometimes.  I would definitely go back to try more.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I have been to the other Roots on Liberty Ave and loved it.I ordered a salad bowl with spinach and kale and cucumbers, tomatoes, beets, chicken and dressing.The staff where very nice and super helpful.I loved the salad it was delicious.I went with a friend and we decided to eat there.They have a downstairs set up with tables.I have to say it is not very nice and seemed a bit dingy.I was not impressed at all with there seating arangements.The other thing is the parking which is not there fault at all but in the middle of the day it can be a real hassle to find a parking spot.I had a very hard time deciding on my stars??????The food definitely gets 5 stars as it is fantastic.If you are carrying out food i recommend this place 100%.However if you are eating in I would go to the Liberty ave store as it is beautiful inside and has the same food.I give them overall 3 stars only because i did not like the seating or parking.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Excellent and perfectly portioned meal. Great for when you want something healthy but really satisfying. I built my own but their set options also looked really good. Everything tasted fresh. I picked BBQ tofu for my protein and it didn't disappoint. I will say seating here is a bit lacking - two seats by the window or basement seating but this food is better as takeout anyway!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I visited UPitt and decided to grab lunch here. The staff is so friendly and the food is amazing! I also got an amazing bottled hibiscus green tea from here that I have not stopped thinking about (still trying to find out where I can get a case of them LOL). Great place! I wish I took pictures of the bowl I got, but I was too busy demolishing my bowl. I do have a picture of the tea, though.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'First and last time ordering here.  My food was an enormous bowl of rice with a few pieces of chicken on top.  Not worth the money. It tastes just OK.   If you want a huge bowl of rice with a tiny bit of protein,  this is a safe bet.    Chipotle is both cheaper and much better.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Best restaurant ever, could not recommend enough. My fav is the southern bowl with no onions and add sweet potato. Also kids eat free!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Online ordering was quick and easy. They use a number within the confirmation email instead of names for pick up. Not a big deal, someone else picked up the order and had to call to retrieve the number instead of just being able to give them my name.All of the ingredients within both bowls were fresh with a good crunch. Tofu was a bit tough as well as the chicken a tad dry but both were still good. We were looking for a take out option that was on the healthier side and we definitely nailed that. It was also affordable at $25 after a tip for both bowls. We rarely spend under $35-40 on take out so that was great! I\'d like to know a little bit of history on the restaurant since it seems to be a chain within a small region. The website didn\'t give any background information. We prefer to support local which was the only reason I was searching for a "story" about the restaurant and how they started. We plan to return!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is the place for healthy food at an affordable price. Delicious bowls, generous serving sizes, and consistent quality have kept me ordering again and again. This Roots location is also well-maintained.Try one of several signature bowls, like the El Jefe or Balboa, or get creative with your own bowl!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Warning: The main takeaway is... just because it looks healthy, doesn't mean it is. almost every single thing on the menu uses highly toxic, extremely inflammatory seed oils such as canola, soy and sunflower oil. This includes the chicken, beets, sweet potatoes, remarkably the broccoli and mushrooms and ALL dressings. Until it is replaced with something suitable like olive oil, avocado oil or cooking is done in tallow or butter, I will be avoiding them. For the price, how can you cheap out so much on the dressing? Nothing natural about using machine lubricants to cook vegetables and in your salads. Ridiculous. Very Misleading and unethical business practice. Opposite of healthy. May as well be eating at mcdonalds. Thanks for contributing to the epidemic of chronic disease in this country.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My new favorite place to get a healthy, delicious, and filling meal! I'm a big fan of a make your own salad place, but this is definitely the best option in the Oakland area. The greens are always looking fresh and tasting amazing, and every other ingredient in the line is just as good. This is a place where you can tell the prep work takes a lot of time, there's a lot of work going on in the background that we can't see, but you can definitely taste it. I like to do a build your own bowl with spinach and a little bit of brown rice as the base, though a little expensive, the resulting salad is always massive and to me, very worth the price. Not to mention the service is absolutely fantastic, the staff are really friendly! Definitely try, if you're looking for a great salad, this is the place.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Healthy eating is actually fun here! The bowls are MASSIVE and I'm always surprised how full I feel after eating one. These guys are quick and super efficient so that everyone gets through the line quickly while still making the food savory and well-mixed. There are never clumps anywhere in the bowl - everything is tossed together perfectly! I come here all too often. It's that good!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "INCREDIBLE options for vegans, vegetarians, gluten free, EVERYONE! Roots is like chipotle with more delicious veggies to play around with. The staff are efficient and helpful. I'll be coming here for lunch weekly, at the very least.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This was definitely my go-to place for a meal during my years at Pitt. I love the Southern bowl and the Roots bowl. Their BBQ tofu is amazing and a must have!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food here was awesome!!! I look forward to going back because I enjoyed the BBQ tofu', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If you're hungry for a lot of flavor, healthy, and delicious food this is your spot. Super easy to pop in on your lunch break. Got the Jefe bowl and substituted red onions for pickled onions. First impression was how am I gonna eat all this food!!!  Definitely get a portion that matches the price. I will definitely be returning to try more concoctions. Highly recommend.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is great for college students. The pricing isn't bad for the quality and amount of food that you're getting. I knocked a star off because sometimes my order gets a little messed up, but it's still correct enough that I like it. If you're looking for a greasy meal, this isn't the place. Not a place that I'd go everyday, but I love coming here when I'm in the mood for a good, hearty salad.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Roots is my personal pick for greatest lunch spot on Forbes Ave (a truly fierce competition)! My go-to order is El Jefe with the "works", AKA hot sauce and lime juice. For the spice-averse out there (myself included), do not fear this addition as it adds extra complexity to the flavor profile without dominating the rice bowl with heat. Regardless, the bowls at Roots are incredibly tasty and offer really great portions for those with bigger appetites! Prices are modest, especially considering how much food you get. It is made-to-order style, so you get a very casual dining experience. Feel free to take it to-go and sit outside on Atwood if it is closed for pedestrians! Would definitely recommend to any students in the area, those working/visiting at the nearby hospitals, and honestly anyone else in Oakland for the day!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Been meaning to come here for quite awhile. My wife follows them on Instagram and always raves about how good the food looks. We called to order takeout but turns out you can't place an order over the phone, you have to download the roots app. I'll be honest, I find that a little annoying because everything has an app and you gotta go through a big ordeal just to use the app one time (not saying we won't be back, just annoying that you can't order from a website or over the phone). We ordered the southern and el jefe around 6:45 and they were ready at 7:00 on the dot. Very quick! The meals were both delicious and full of flavor. We aren't even huge tofu fans but decided to just go for it and it was good. Our only complaints were that the chicken as well as the tofu seemed to be a little bit dried out--maybe they had been sitting awhile before assembling our bowls? Otherwise, it was all good!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I absolutely love Roots! In fact, it's one of my favorite places in Oakland. Unlike a lot of the quick casual dining places near Pitt, this is one of the few healthy food options at a fair price. It's also extremely tasty too - who knew eating healthy could be so satisfying? They've got a large number of salad and bowl selections and are extremely customizable. If you want to order one of their standard menu items, they are flexible and let you swap ingredients, make additions or take out items as you please. The workers are also really friendly and good about letting you know if anything costs extra. For example, I like to order the El Jefe with BBQ tofu (ask for the works!) and I replace the feta cheese with sweet potato. Each bowl is about $10 but lasts me for two meals! Highly recommend this place for anyone in the area looking for a food option other than the typical types of foods found near college campuses (pizza, burgers, etc...)", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So so so good, if you haven't been here yet, what are you doing?! Roots is a healthy alternative to take out and is completely customizable. The staff at this particular location are phenomenal and kind. My go to is the May weather or the el jefe, depends on how carby I'm feeling. Would 12/10 recommend, good bang for your buck!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of my favorite spots in Oakland. Everything I've tried has been excellent. The portions are generous and the service is great. Love the friendly lady at the checkout!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I really like this place. It's good healthy food at a nice price point. There are various ways to customize the bowls and The portions are big. I recommend this place if you want something that doesn't weigh you down and is healthy", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I just realized I haven't done a review here before but I love this place. Any time I feel like having a healthy meal but don't feel like cooking for myself this is such a great option. Their online ordering system is really great to customize the bowls and you can also order on different food delivery platforms. There need to be more places in Pittsburgh like this! There are so many healthy options and it is easy to make a number of the items vegan. You can also create your own bowl if you're feeling adventurous. I really love their BBQ tofu. Definitely recommend checking this place out!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "YUM! Ordered from here via Uber Eats with a friend last weekend. It was such a great experience. I ordered the Balboa bowl and my friend got the Roots bowl. We were both pleasantly surprised by the size and taste of the food! There was such a great portion of protein on these bowls that we each turned them into two meals - a lunch and dinner portion for the same day. I'd definitely order from here again, and may not stray from the Balboa bowl! Delicious and fresh ingredients!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'m going to be honest with you, I was a bit skeptical about Roots.  When I heard it was a healthier alternative to fast food fare my mind went straight to thinking that this was going to be a bland experience.  Was I ever wrong.  Eating healthy should not taste this good.I did a quick once over of the menu, I know you can build your own bowl, but when in a hurry opt for the already thought up salads from the menu.  That\'s what I did.  I went with the \'Lil Bob Cobb and honestly, probably will do this in the future as well, it was that good.\'Lil Bob Cobb consists of their Arcadian mix, Roots rice and kale.  When I saw kale I was about to freak out.  Not a huge fan, I think it is tasteless but why not give it a chance.  This also has roasted sweet potatoes, charred corn, red onions, cucumbers, and hard-boiled eggs.  To add to that protein, chicken from the grill.  The dressing was Greek Feta.  I also opted to add two things, I wanted some spinach and avocado, don\'t judge me, it added to the experience.Now, when I saw this I don\'t say it lightly, that salad was the most amazing salad I have ever had.  The fact that I did not have to prepare the salad myself either made it taste that much better.  I was a bit worried about how the sweet potatoes would mesh with the other ingredients, but it somehow worked.  Everything worked.  The chicken had a bit of heat to it that was taken back down by the Greek Feta dressing.  Speaking of that dressing, do yourself a favor and have it already mixed in.  They somehow got it to coat everything, I find it harder to do yourself and I always feel like I never have enough dressing that way.  The saltiness of the Feta complimented the sweetness of the sweet potatoes.  I have to stop, I am making myself want another one of these.When it came to the price, I expected to pay more.  But when you think about "salads" that you get from other joints in Pittsburgh, you know the ones with fries on them, you are paying more for ingredients that truly are bland.Again, eating healthy...tasting good...who knew?', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So roots seems to be one of the new style of dining that is here in the burghI call it bowl diningbasically you either pick one of their combos or you can design your ownyou order at the counter and your bowl moves past the offerings till you pay then off you go with your bowlRoots has rices bulgar greens veggiesand bbq tofu assorted dressings I have had their balsamicmy bowl was the roots rice deep hearty rice I paired with sweet potato beets and cheesethey offer 4 types of cheesethese bowls will fill your belly if you walk in there appears to be no open tables as there is only seating for 8-10 right in front there is also downstairs seating', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Portions are huge so it can be two meals. They're fast and the food is always fresh. I go here multiple times a week but I love it!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'It was good when I got it! They do give you a lot of food but I know the prices went up some since I have gotten food. It is a good healthy option!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious and nutritious! I hit this up on every trip to Pitt, which is about 6x per year. I put all of my fav ingredients in one bowl, brimming not only with my favorite flavors, but also with loads of lean protein, high fiber, and high quality fat. Get excited thinking about it - look forward to it every time!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was very impressed with Roots. We went without having any expectation beforehand and loved it. I wasn't sure what we were getting into. In my head, I was thinking Chipotle meets Hello Bistro. This was partially true! You could choose a pre made bowl or make your own. I decided to do an already made one called the El Jefe. The primary base was brown rice with kale. They stack these bowls. The El Jefe includes black beans, charred corn, red onions, avocado, pita chips, and feta with grilled chicken. The dressing was delicious. They use a cilantro lime dressing to top it off. When I got my bowl, I was surprised how big they are for only $9. My boyfriend created his own. You get to choose as many bases as you want (grain, salad, etc.) along with up to 5 ingredients. Then, you pick the grilled protein option - choices are chicken, red chili miso or bbq tofu, mushrooms, or veggie. I'm excited to go back and try the tofu! We both loved our bowls. What is really great is if you don't like something, you can swap out that ingredient for another. They are very flexible and helpful with what goes well together. The space in Oakland is somewhat small, but they make it work with an upstairs and downstairs. It is not a very intimate space since you are so close together. But it's great for a quick lunch or dinner spot for students, couples, or take out. We are looking forward to going back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love this place for wonderfully fresh, natural and delicious food! I created my own bowl for my order, where they give you the freedom to control everything that goes into your meal. Within each category of base, beans, grilled, raw, cheese, prepared, dressing, they provide a variety of options for everyone's preferred taste. They allow you to have a primary and secondary base, so you can have a more substantial meal of greens and rice. For my other ingredients I got chickpeas, grilled broccoli, grilled chicken, cucumbers, craisins, and pita chips. This created a delicious balance of flavors and crunch! They lightly put on the dressing, I chose basil balsamic, as to not overtake all the other flavors but still can taste it with each bite. Highly recommend coming here for a healthy option that doesn't lack in deliciousness! Plus, it's reasonably priced and the portions are enough to make two meals out of your order.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So delicious and enough for two meals. The roots rice and kale combo as a base and then whatever on top. Tofu or mushrooms or ..  Yummy!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "As someone who STRONGLY dislikes the very existence of salad, Roots surprised me. It's cheap, it's healthy, and it's delicious too. You can choose just the things you like and there's so many good things to choose from! Grilled chicken and bbq tofu are both excellent, and they give a good amount of the protein. I love the sweet potatoes a lot. I think the amount of protein and the various roasted vegetables make for a far more satisfying and filling meal than your standard salad while still keeping things healthy. I appreciate that they don't sauce too much; the overly saucy wet bits at the bottom of some salads is the worst. There can be a bit of a line around lunch time but it moves fast (you can also order online ahead of time to speed things up I think). There's additional seating downstairs. I still think salad and salad-like things can't beat a good hot meal, but Roots is a strong contender.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "LOVE Roots. It's one of my go-to places to grab a quick bite in Oakland. Now due to COVID, they have transitioned to a take-out or delivery model. I love that they have healthy yet EXTREMELY tasty and flavorful options. Their pre-made bowls are all excellent, but I usually just stick with the make-your-own bowl option. Everyone who works there is extremely nice, and makes the experience at Roots all the more wonderful.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Absolutely amazing salad and ingredients are fresh you can tell they put a lot of detail into making it and results are PerfectI ordered online went to pick it up easy and lady that was there super nice and attentive !', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Literally one of the best places in Pittsburgh. The BBQ tofu is the best. Roots never disappoints :)', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've come here multiple times now, and each time has been better than the last. I don't experiment very much, but I've found my perfect bowl: El Jefe (with two substitutions). You can make your own bowl from scratch, choose one of the pre-made bowls, or make the pre-made bowls your own. There are two bases and you can switch them to change the whole structure of your bowl. You can make your primary base one of the greens selections that they have for more of a salad or you can use rice to make it more of well, a rice bowl! I used to get chicken all the time, but I recently tried the Chili Tofu and oh my! I'm sold! It's amazing how all the flavors still work perfectly within the bowls. It may not look like there's much seating, but there is additional seating downstairs.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I think this was the best salad I've ever eaten. Portions big enough to eat again the next day. I'm all about the healthy eating and this place was absolute top notch. I'm not kidding this salad was out of this world.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I really enjoyed the Mayweather it consisted of Kale, root rice, sweet potatoes, beets, grilled chicken, and goat cheese with a lemon tahini dressing.  It was so delicious, everything was fresh and made to order.  The store was clean and customer service was great I will definitely be back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food looked good but unfortunately I didn't want the side order of political activism shoved down my throat, so I left without ordering.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oh my my...how have I missed this place? I stayed in Oakland overnight because of snowstorm during rush hour. Thought for a minute to get take out from the hotel but smartly decided to take a short walk instead. Super helpful friendly service. And the bowl was fresh healthy crunchy goodness. What's not to like about roasted Brussels sprouts, roasted beets, kale, grains, almonds and probably the best chicken I've ever had in a bowl or salad?  So fresh! The quality of everything was perfection. As I was leaving, a couple of team members were decorating. One called out to thank me for coming in. That was such a welcome touch. I'm so sorry I've not come in until now, but Roots has a new fan for life. Thanks to Becky for the recommendation. Looking forward to next time.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is sort of like Hello Bistro, but in my opinion, they focus on bowls that have more "substance." They have an option of signature grain bowls and green bowls that you can order from exactly (or customize!) or you can create your own bowl. I\'ve been here twice and I\'ve created my own bowl both times and I have not been disappointed! The ingredients used were fresh and there aren\'t as many options as Hello Bistro, which I actually like because making choices isn\'t as difficult. The portions are large and filling! The staff keeps you moving quickly so you can get in and out pretty quickly. If you choose to dine there, they have seating upstairs and downstairs! I really love this place and I\'m so glad they opened in Oakland! I will definitely keep coming back and telling my friends and family about this place!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Was eager to try this place as anything new on Forbes Avenue is exciting. It is pretty busy during the lunch hour, but the line moves quickly. Since this was my first time, I opted for one of the pre made bowls. I got the Mayweather. It consisted of kale, bulgar, sweet potato, beets, goat cheese, avocado, lemon tahini, pesto vinaigrette, and chicken. The salad came in a huge bowl and was just a little over $10. When they were making it, I thought they had not put enough dressing but it ended up being perfect. The bowl was delicious! I loved the combination of creamy and tangy. Definitely will be coming back as I am a fan of having a yummy and healthy option on campus.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "O M G! Absolutely love this place!So you basically build your own custom bowl (or you can pick from one of their options). You start with fresh greens, then a grain, then add ins- I got sweet potatoes, curried garbanzo beans, avocado, bbq tofu, and red wine vinegar for the dressing. It was sooooooo good. Like all the flavors went so well together. Everything was so fresh. Delicious! It's all I've been thinking about since getting back home. Like I need them to bring one to AZ pronto and I'll be there everyday. Cool vibe as well. They were blasting gangsta rap and I was feeling like a total bad ass vegan in my zone. Can't say enough good things about this place. If you are plant based looking for a bomb healthy place to eat, this is your spot. Oh and kids eat free! All the time! Whaaaaat. Roots kitchen is simply amazing.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great addition to the Oakland food scene. It's the perfect place when you're looking for a healthy option. The miso tofu is delicious and the portions are huge (enough for 2 meals). They have a good variety of topping options as well", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Roots is a great option for delivery or takeout if you're in the Oakland area. I've always had quick service and fresh food when ordering delivery from here. They have a number of signature salad and grain bowls, as well as the option to build your own. I absolutely love the tamari signature salad bowl. It has a base of brown rice and kale topped with red miso tofu, roasted broccoli, red onion, carrots, pickled jalapeños, red cabbage, and toasted almonds. It's tossed in their miso ginger dressing and I tend to add Acadian mix (their salad blend) as well as sriracha and a squeeze of lime. This bowl tastes light and fresh while still feeling hearty and filling. The mix of textures and flavors ensures that each bite is as tasty and interesting as the last. I would highly recommend this place!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Roots is my new go-to counter serve restaurant in Oakland. The Southern bowl is delicious and I keep coming back for it. I substitute cheddar cheese for pickled jalapeños! The vegetables are always fresh and the tofu is warm and crispy. The roots rice is also a good addition to any bowl. They are quick to remake your bowl if they mess up any of the ingredients and are always nice about it.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Definitely 5 star worthy.  Great food, great prices, great service! We stopped in on a work day and got salads front people, they were ready in 5 minutes.  I can see they might get busy at peak hours,  but they were fast at 11am when we got there.They basically have 10 salads, and make your own options.  I went with the house salad, called what else, the Roots Salad. Very good! Really not a lot of details to go into, just a great place close to the pitt campus.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fantastic --- generously portioned fresh, healthy bowls that taste amazing for a great price.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Ordered from here via Doordash for a group outdoor picnic. I really like that they labeled bowls with everyone's names so that it was easy to tell the food apart I got a custom BBQ tofu bowl (with lemon tahini dressing, cucumber, corn, and feta cheese). It was super good! I really like how the tofu was well-flavored at a little crispGreat spot for a healthy lunch", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I think the food at Roots can be best described as "hearty" and of course, delicious. They offer several signature grain and salad bowls with a variety of fresh vegetables including kale, spring greens, corn, beans, etc. They also offer the option to build your own bowl with grain or salad base with several tempting dressing options including cilantro lime, lemon tahini, pesto vinaigrette.I\'ve gone twice now and ordered El Jefe both times which is a grain bowl with brown rice, chicken, and vegetables. I\'m not a huge fan of kale but they do it so well that it somehow tastes amazing and there is enough dressing and taste to the bowl without being overwhelming. I\'ve tried the Mayweather which is a salad bowl and it tasted excellent. I  looking forward to trying more of their signature dishes and maybe one day venturing out to a build my own.Portion size is substantial and if you get full as quickly as I do, you may have leftovers that are worth keeping for a snack later in the day.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'m really confused about the hype for this place. I mean, it\'s alright, healthy, and quick (which I guess is a luxury for Oakland eaters), but beyond that it is nothing special. I feel like anyone could cook a similar meal without much hassle and for much cheaper. I had no complaints about the bowl I ordered, the El Jeffe spicy one. I really wouldn\'t call this food "light," as it is quite substantial and there is a large quantity of it, so you can always save some for later. I did however, find that the sweet potatoes got a little soggy after a while. I guess you could sum this place up as a fancy, healthier, blander Chipotle. The food is fine with a price tag that doesn\'t match. Probably good for lunch a few times a year, but I wouldn\'t frequent it more often than that.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Roots is essentially a healthier Chipotle, but the ingredients are so fresh and my food was so good that I'll definitely be back!! Here's why:1. I love that this place gives you the option to choose your own adventure but also gives you fool-proof combination ideas. It makes it a whole lot easier for an indecisive person to make it through the assembly line. 2. The bowls are HUGE and filled to the brim with fresh ingredients. They are slightly more pricey than chipotle, but it's worth it for the quality of food and large portion sizes. I essentially got 2 meals for $10. 3. There are so many ways to flavor your bowl (variety of sauces, multiple flavored protein options) that I know I won't ever get bored with my bowls here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My absolute favorite salad place to go in Pittsburgh. Think of a chipotle except a salad version of it. All of their ingredients are super fresh. I usually get the bob cobb one with some ingredients switched out. I love their roasted broccoli, sweet potatoes and roots rice!! I tend to get bbq tofu and I think there are good and bad days for them. Sometimes the bbq tofu is cooked a bit too long so after it's cooled down in the containers, by the time you get them they're pretty tough and hard. I tend to just discard or not eat those pieces. Their chicken is slightly dry but none of these stop me from coming back lol. I love their pesto Caesar dressing, it's basically a mix of the pesto and the Caesar dressing mixed!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Tried Roots the other night for the first time for dinner. Was excited to see this new, quick and healthy option land in Oakland. The menu includes your pick of either a salad or grain bowl, various protein options (tofu & sautéed mushrooms as veggie options), and tons of fix-ins. You can also build your own salad or bowl if you so choose. They have tons of dressing options and all allergens are clearly labeled on the counter where you order, so great I didn't need to ask a million questions. Portions are really big, I seriously barely made a dent in my large salad. Workers were quick and we were in and out in no time. Nice addition to the food scheme in Oakland.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been here many times before. Especially at Pitt while I was in undergrad I went about twice a week. I loved going after class it was relatively affordable and healthy. My bowl contains brown rice, spinach, corn, carrots, pita chips, chicken, and cilantro lime sauce. They have many options and everyone can find something.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I need to get into the habit of taking a picture before I stuff my face. Any way, Roots is an awesome addition to the Oakland restaurant scene. It is busy majority of the time, and today the line was out the door due to the volume of people that go there. It was nice out so I couldn't complain. Once you actually order your food, it's very fast pace. I chose the Mayweather (which I am addicted to) and it was whipped up in a matter of seconds and then I was on my way. This place is almost like healthy fast food, and it's also reasonably priced. I paid 12 dollars for my bowl and a Spindrift and the bowl usually last two meals depending on how hungry I am.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "*Disclaimer: The rating is more like a 4.5If you're in Oakland and looking for a healthy dinner that's quick and tasty, Roots is the place to go! Firstly, I love how friendly and accommodating the staff are. I am not really a fan of goat cheese, so I always substitute it for 2 other ingredients and the workers never grumble or give you attitude. Instead, they are very understanding and even give recommendations if they're not too busy!Secondly, I love the portions. If I'm starving, I can kill one bowl no problem. But if I'm not too hungry, one bowl can last me two pretty satisfying meals! (Although some of my friends disagree with me on this). Whether you're eating a whole bowl to yourself or saving half for later, I'd say the price ($9-11) is pretty decent considering how fresh the vegetables are, how many ingredients to into one bowl, and how much food they give you.Thirdly, the inside has been very clean every time I went. I love the seating they have available downstairs. And there are outlets!Lastly, the food just tastes so good and it's a great, healthy option on campus. I'm so glad Hello Bistro isn't the only salad place available to us. I highly recommend the Mayweather. The reason I give this place 4.5 stars instead of 5 is because I think the protein can be pretty dry - especially the chicken. I suggest substituting the chicken with BBQ tofu instead!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Roots is probably on of my favorite go tos! Always fresh and nice healthier option when I'm not feeling like cooking! So many great combos to choose from and are always extremely quick to order from apps. I can't say enough good things. The portions are massive and can usually split It into two meals which is a great deal to me. Recommend trying this place out!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been here a few times now and they don't disappoint. I love the fresh, natural ingredients to choose from. There are many pre-made bowl options, but I always opt for the create your own to get exactly what I like. Definitely better than Chipotle as far as healthiness, but it's a little more expensive. Overall, good food but a little pricey. I like going here every once in a while!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've never been disappointed by Roots! They are fast, simple, and healthy. Triple threat! My go to is a grain bowl with mushrooms, spinach, cucumber, and other great veggies. It isn't impossible to come by other places that offer a similar experience, but I am always happy to swing by a Roots when I come across one!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Such nice workers and staff!!!I love the environment, ambience, and overall vibe.Food is nicely cooked and nicely flavored. Super healthy and yummy!Bag design is super cute!Will definitely be back for more! Def recommending it to others!!The service is super fast and speedy!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'m obsessed with Roots. I have to limit myself from eating it everyday because it\'s that good. I get the El Jefe because I love the corn and bean mixture, ask for "the works" (Tabasco and lime squeeze)! I personally think Roots is a better quality in comparison to chipotle so if you like that style of food, definitely give their bowls a try. Such a good option when you want something quick but not super greasy and unhealthy. 10/10 recommend!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Super fresh ingredients jam packed into a hearty bowl. Prices that won't break the bank, I love ordering from here, never leaves you feeling sluggish. Just a yummy healthy lunch.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I love it! Get the Balboa bowl! Very friendly staff as well. You are able to build your own bowl also.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This was hands down delicious and exactly what I was wanting and expecting. The bowl is definitely huge and can be split up into two portions! Will come again and definitely recommend it to people who eat more clean!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I tend to think of the relationship between Roots and Hello Bistro as complementary rather than rival. As the two healthy options in Oakland, they share a lot of commonalities: large portion, made to order, many topping options to customize. But as the late comer, Roots has its own strength that exceeds Hello Bistro.Although Roots does not have the unlimited topping options as HB do, it does have higher quality one. You can taste the difference in your first bite. For example, I'm a huge chickpeas fan. While HB's chickpeas taste like straight out of can, Roots' are well-seasoned and flavorful. Other toppings are also worth trying: the roasted broccoli is soft and almost creamy, definitely a lot better than the raw broccoli across the street. Roasted potatoes are another my favorite. They are in small cubes and soft, sweet and flavorful. And as everyone else has been talking about: the BBQ tofu is an almost-guilty-pleasure in this healthy eating salad bar. Crispy shell covered in sweet BBQ sauce, but underneath the shell is the soft chewy tofu you're familiar with. But I also need to point out that compared with the amazing tofu, the chicken is a little bit dry and bland, not as exciting as the HB's three flavor options.In summary, if you like the idea of DIY salad but also have some insecurity about your own skills in picking topping, maybe Roots is a better choice for you. You can go wild in HB, and sometimes maybe too wild. But in Roots, their crafted toppings are not going to let you fail yourself too badly.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Amazing food! My dasher did not leave it at my door but that's on them  Regardless this food is so flavorful and delicious. It's also enough for two meals so I will be having as my dinner tomorrow! Where was this place 15 years ago when I was on campus!!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Best salad-to-go in Pittsburgh. They will accommodate any ingredient combination you want but their specialty salads are really great. Mixed by tossing between two bowls so every morsel has every flavor note. Great for vegetarians; meat options too. Tofu is really flavorful; kale is less bitter than some. I am not sure how they do that. Probably the dressing. Salads are very large!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Roots is conveniently located on Forbes Ave right by Pitt's campus. The food is always fresh and the portions are great for an on the go lunch! I got the create your own bowl, comes with a base (greens or rice), 5 toppings, and an item from the grill. I would definitely recommend the basil balsamic dressing! The staff is super nice and the cashier was friendly. This is one of my favorite spots in Oakland!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is such a wildly popular spot, I think I ordered wrong or maybe went on an off day. I got the Tamari bowl and was bummed because the tofu was overdone and pretty tough to chew. It kind of ruined the bowl. I thought they could have added a touch more of the ingredients in the bowl too. It's a large bowl, but was mostly the salad mix. It's supposed to have cucumbers, lime pickled onions, red cabbage, pickled carrots, egg, and almonds with a carrot ginger dressing. I also would have preferred more dressing, as it was on the light side. They don't ask you how heavy you want the dressing, which is what I like about Hello Bistro. I'd definitely give it another try, I like the concept and think again, could have been an off day or just not the bowl for me.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Have recently been getting the mayweather w bbq tofu. It's so good and the workers are always willing to customize it to my preferences. It's my favorite meal to eat out and it's worth the money!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great place for healthy bowls! One of the things that I sometimes complain about Pittsburgh is that there isn't enough salad bars or healthy options, so I'm really happy about this place! You can customized your bowl and it is fast and on the go. One thing I hope is that they offer delivery service, especially because parking in that area is horrendous. Other than that, I highly recommend this place if you're trying to eat healthy and if you're in a hurry!", 'review_rating': None}]