Information about Spirits & Tales{"businesses": [{"id": "9wUxiwtC1zCcs9VKqYsTCg", "alias": "spirits-and-tales-pittsburgh", "name": "Spirits & Tales", "image_url": "https://s3-media3.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/exGQ9pbJiCUFoRT6JjLOkg/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/spirits-and-tales-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 119, "categories": [{"alias": "lounges", "title": "Lounges"}, {"alias": "cocktailbars", "title": "Cocktail Bars"}, {"alias": "tapasmallplates", "title": "Tapas/Small Plates"}], "rating": 3.5, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.44494459352935, "longitude": -79.95506364478567}, "transactions": ["delivery", "pickup"], "location": {"address1": "5130 Bigelow Blvd", "address2": "", "address3": null, "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["5130 Bigelow Blvd", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14122974080", "display_phone": "(412) 297-4080", "distance": 472.20132836164913}], "total": 6, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Avocado Toast,French Onion Soup,Breakfast Sandwich,Pain Perdu Francoise,Spinach Scramble,Braised Beef Short Rib Bourguignon,
[{'review_text': "The overall ambiance is nice and great for professional gatherings. We went on a Friday around noon time and it was surprisingly understaffed. There wasn't any bartender so we could only order either beer or wine. The service as expected was so slow and it took forever to leave but everyone was nice. Drinks are also so overpriced but you get the nice view of Oakland. Food was also meh meh, nothing crazy but decent enough. I like coming here for events where there's catering and an open bar but on its own it's nothing too special.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I came here for a private event on a Wednesday evening around 5pm. My friends who got there before said that the staff seemed confused and didn\'t seem to know about the private event but I was able to get in contact with the event planner and we were able to find our private room.Our private room was spacious and had a lot of natural light. The venue in general had a lot of great seating and ambiance. There\'s a few private event rooms, a bar area, a casual lounging area adjacent to the bar, quite a few tables, and even a small outdoor area. The small balcony has an amazing view of the Cathedral of Learning. The bread came out nice and warm and there were a couple of different varieties in the basket. The soup was good - nothing to write home about but hot and perfect for the chillier weather. The main entree that we got had a nice foundation but could use work on some details. The beef while cooked perfectly was a little cold so I think it was sitting out. The sweet potatoes and veggies were a little bland - I saw multiple people put salt on theirs. The ravioli had excellent flavor but the shell itself was a little hard and undercooked. Our server was very friendly but when I asked for a to go container, I was told that I couldn\'t get one because it was a "health code violation". I didn\'t want to just throw away my entree because I still had a substantial amount left. I was confused because I\'ve never been to a restaurant before that didn\'t have takeout containers. I ended up going to the bar and asking for a takeout container to see if they even had them and was given one promptly and went back in the room to box up my own leftovers.The almond cake dessert was delicious. My friend who is allergic to nuts was told that she would be brought fruit as an alternative but it never came. I didn\'t get a cocktail but my friends that did had no complaints. Overall, it was a mixed experience and I don\'t think I would necessarily come back of my own volition but I would go for happy hour/drinks or if it was convenient to do so and we didn\'t have a lot of nearby open food options.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Very good quality food! Tried their duck, crab ravioli, salmon, French onion soup, crème brûlée, bourbon cake, smoked salmon toast and breakfast options -  all very good. The drink are on a sweeter side so had to ask to make them less sweet. The service was a bit slow a few times (stayed at the hotel for a week) but not too bad. Staff is very pleasant. And the view is great!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came here for happy hour but ended up staying for a meal. Great ambiance and view overlooking Pitt/Oakland area. Unfortunately the day I was there, they were understaffed.. servers were mostly grumpy and had to wait for more than an hour by the bar to just put an order for food and drinks.Food wise, my burger was served well done when I asked for medium rare. The outer part of the burger was also kinda burnt. Truffle fries were good. I would give this place another chance but would definitely want to make reservations prior.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Beautiful views of Oakland area. I was in town for a few days and my nieces treated me to breakfast. Heather was our fabulous waitress and answered any questions we had. I had the buttermilk pancakes with fresh blueberries, so delicious! One niece had the breakfast sandwich with wedge potatoes which she really enjoyed and I tried her potatoes and they were cooked perfectly and flavorful. My other niece had the smoked salmon and she loved it! The ambiance is hotel bar with comfy chairs and I particularly loved the black and white bathroom! Everything was sparkling clean.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Visited for cocktails before an event at Petersen Events Center nearby. The bar was quite crowded, but we were able to get a seat at the bar. The bartender was very nice, prompt getting us set up with water. Cocktails are pretty pricey, but on par for the quality, atmosphere, and location.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': '"I recently visited Spirits and Tales in Pittsburgh, PA for brunch and was blown away by the amazing food and great atmosphere. The restaurant had a cozy and inviting ambiance, with plenty of natural light and a stylish decor that made for a relaxing dining experience.As for the food, the brunch offerings were simply amazing. The menu had a great variety of dishes to choose from, ranging from classic brunch staples to more unique and creative options. I ordered the avocado toast with poached eggs and was blown away by the freshness and flavor of the ingredients. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the avocado was creamy and delicious.Overall, I would highly recommend Spirits and Tales for anyone looking for a great brunch spot in Pittsburgh. The food was outstanding and the atmosphere was perfect for a casual and enjoyable meal."', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Was having a day date at Pitt and decided to lunch here. Despite school not being in session, there was a reason the restaurant was empty. No wait staff. We stood for almost 8-10 minutes before someone showed up. Overpriced lunch options included $18 for a burger and fries and $23 for a kale salad with grilled chicken - which was barely room temp. The ipa beer my husband ordered was actually a Pilsner, and the totally egregious part  was  no more than a 3-4 Oz. pour of rose for $16 when the entire bottle retailed for $30. I actually asked if it was the end of the bottle, having assumed that they really just didn't want to open another. Water refills were not to be had despite placing my glass off to the side where our sever was replenishing at the adjacent table. The food was okay and the views of campus were lovely. Some lunches are worth $80; this was not one of them. No need to return.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "3.5 stars. Drinks were decent. A little expensive. Food was decent. Nothing great. Atmosphere is decent. Nice view. I've been here twice for brunch and both times were not busy. Drinks come out slow also. It is aesthetically pleasing though.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have gone for dinner and brunch. The service was not bad when I went for dinner but maybe because they were training a new staff member that night. I went to brunch a couple weeks after having dinner there because it seemed more people posted about the brunch so wanted to give it a try. The service was terrible and they were not busy. The staff all kept disappearing into the back. They took forever to wait on us and didn't check on us once we were given our food to see if we needed anything. While at brunch it was so quiet in the restaurant you could have heard a pin drop. They needed music playing. It just felt very awkward and uncomfortable. I wish you can a better view of the Cathedral of Learning. You do get a nice view of Soldiers and Sailors. The food is okay. For dinner I split a charcuterie board with friends it was good. Then I got the Waygu burger and fries which I liked. When I went for breakfast I got the spinach scramble. It was okay but I needed some hot sauce. The drinks were good both times I went.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I wanted to love it here.... But it was mediocre. I was so excited about the mezcal cocktails,  but they were unable to make two of the cocktails. I settled on a third mezcal option, but it had to be made without the pineapple pepper syrup so it ended up being a little off... I ordered the house salad, it was served with pecans, cherry tomatoes and a few slivers of radish. The pecans were a little large and hard to pick up on the fork. The dressing was average. It was my husband's birthday so he splurged for the $95 steak, it was all gristle and bone. The steak itself has no flavor. I had the crab and shrimp stuffed branzino. It was better than the steak. This is a hotel restaurant with a great view - the end... maybe breakfast would be better.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I came here to grab brunch on a Sunday with friends while home. The plus it has a beautiful view of Pitts campus the only thing I did not like is the kitchen closes at 2, so it's kind of hard to experience a late brunch feeling rushed. We made reservations at 1:15 so we felt rushed. In my experience, brunch is done by 3 and you don't feel rushed out. Also the bar closes at 2 with the kitchen. For a hotel on a Sunday, that's a little unusual for the bar to close as well. Especially when it's graduation season. You would think they would capitalize on being next to soldiers and sailors being open longer. My friends and I wanted to sit and continue talking and would have liked to order more drinks while sitting outside. This was a miss for me as well. Anyway, the area is very beautiful with lots of natural lighting for photos and ample space for big parties. The menu had a nice selection and fair pricing.I got the brioche French toast. It was good not too eggy a nice flavor. I got the cold brew as well. I would have liked to see some music to set the vibes because the decor is great. They could do more for this place to make it a brunch spot. They have the atmosphere but the vibes are not there. Pittsburgh needs good brunch day spots they have an opportunity here.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "First off - great food. As in some of the best food I've been served in quite a while.Service was at best marginal. Having said that, the food was so good the stars went from 3 (because of the service) to 4 (because the food was so great).Ordered for the table was the salmon and the scallops. Both were superb.Also ordered was a salad, that did not come.A dessert was ordered by one patron, while the second was never even asked if he wanted one. WTH? Ask both diners!Nice looking venue, well set up. A little pricey, but the food quality justified the expense.Owner - train your wait staff better. Compliments to the chef, though.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went for Sunday brunch with a dear friend and can say the food was absolutely delicious. I had the French breakfast and later ordered a country ham melt. I was hungry y'all! I loved the presentation of the food as well as the general atmosphere. I went around 10:30 on a Sunday and was shocked to see there were still plenty of tables available, but that is not to say there was no one there. There was a live band playing very lovely jazz music while we dined. It was not very loud and perfect for conversation with a close friend. I was not up to drinking that day but the drinks on the menu and bar area looked spectacular. I would have no qualms about ordering a drink here. Service was very average despite the food. My coffee kept arriving lukewarm and the food took forever despite it not being at full capacity. Hence why I knocked two stars from this review. The real silver lining here is the view of the Cathedral of Learning from the balcony area.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We had a great waiter, the inside seemed clean, and the food was good (very good scallops) except it seemed as if the truffle fries lacked any truffle. No issues with bringing a baby & stroller inside either. We were there right when it opened for dinner so it wasn't very busy, which I prefer.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We enjoyed the best happy hour here last night! I made a reservation for 5pm, right as they opened, and was seated promptly by a host who also brought us water right away. Our server, John, was friendly and checked in on us just the right amount. Our party of four each tried a different cocktail and they were all fantastic -  delicious and you could really pick out all the flavor notes described on the menu. We ordered the Truffle Parmesan Pomme Frites to share and the serving size was great for snacking. My partner also ordered the burger and said it's one of the few burgers he's had where the $17 price tag makes sense. I love that we could make reservations, and that we were in and out in about an hour. I'll definitely be back for my next Oakland happy hour.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Extremely disappointed with the quality of the food along side the service. Given the price of the menu items the food tasted very bland, stale and old. We order truffle Parmesan frites and there was hardly anything on it. It was more or less just plain old fries. Furthermore, we were treated very poorly by our server to a point where we were pretty much chased out of the restaurant. They were so rude and showed no courtesy towards us. Extremely disappointed given the expectation we had towards this restaurant.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had been wanting to go to Spirits & Tales for food and drinks for a long time now. What drew me in was the ambiance, decor, and of course, the view! It's a gorgeous space on the 10th floor, and they even have a patio (it was too hot for that so we stayed inside in the AC). The cocktails were outstanding! Some of the best, if not the best, cocktails I've had in Pittsburgh. Jada took care of us the whole night and was very helpful with suggesting some substitutions for the drinks. I had the daily special, the Tom Collins, made with vodka instead of gin since I am not crazy about gin. My second drink was the old fashioned made with black rum. So delicious! The food was awesome as well! We got oysters (the west coast ones were my preference as they were more flavorful and briney), radish toast, and the roasted chicken. Omg the sauce for that chicken. I could have eaten it like soup! It had local roasted mushrooms and potatoes, and the chicken skin was seasoned to perfection and very crispy. I will honestly be thinking about that dish for awhile. If you want a classy but yet relaxed atmosphere (maybe to go for a first date!), Spirits & Tales is a great choice!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Bar located at the top of the Oaklander Hotel. They have a terrace which is wonderful for summer days but limited with only fourteen seats; could be opportune for an intimate dinner though it's not exactly a romantic spot. Nevertheless, I greatly enjoyed the terrace and it will likely be a spot that I revisit in Oakland.Fair selection of beers and a nice whiskey selection. They have Suntory Toki on a chilled draft which was my go to during my stay on a hot summer weekend.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came for brunch on a Saturday. Atmosphere is nice with great view of Oakland. It's on the 10th floor of the hotel. Bloody Mary was average (make sure you get the bacon in the drink, it was really good!) but the omelet was delicious. Bloody Mary and omelet was $30. I would come again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We'd gone for our anniversary and had been placed in a more private area of the restaurant without needing to request it. The food and view were amazing, made all the more awesome because of our waiter, Christopher. He was so, so kind and attentive the entire night. Fun and personable and made our evening that much more special. Would recommend this restaurant if only because of him and what he added to an already terrific experience.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great happy hour experience! Our waiter was very attentive even though we were seated outside on the terrace. There is plenty of seating inside, on the terrace, and at the bar. We sampled appetizers which were all very tasty. The blueberry weekly cocktail was sweet and refreshing. Plus the atmosphere and views were amazing!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The entrance and ambiance is really nice. The service was great too. I really enjoyed my toast. It's also beautiful and inviting. I just wish they had more stuff on their menu. Smoothies and other healthy options would have been great.Tasty food and great view for sure! I would definitely go back again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Well, this was a bit of a mixed bag. My boyfriend and I have been excited to try this bar for a while. We finally decided to stop by for Happy Hour Friday for a pre-dinner drink. The bar is in the Oaklander Hotel, part of the Autograph Collection, so it is really nice. The bar is on a top floor, with beautiful views of Oakland. I really liked the atmosphere. We sat at the bar and started looking at the menu. The bartender didn't tell us it was Happy Hour, and we specifically had to ask for the Happy Hour menu. Ultimately my boyfriend decided on the Could You Be Loved, a perfect fall cocktail with apple cider, rum, and a cinnamon stick. I ordered the Pour Some Sugar On Me. The drink I received didn't match what I was expecting, but I took a sip. The drink was sweet and summery -- not at all matching the bourbon chai drink I ordered. I knew it was the wrong drink for sure then, and mentioned this to the bartender. She said she had the other drink on her mind (what I received, the Bartender Please) and laughed. She didn't offer to make me the correct drink which I ordered, and didn't apologize. It was awkward and I didn't know what to do, so I figured I wouldn't cause an issue and would drink it. Then, she charged me full price. As someone who loves bourbon and fall drinks, there were many drinks on the menu (their seasonal drinks all sounded amazing!) I would have rather had than a drink I didn't order for $15. Though the atmosphere is nice, and my boyfriend enjoyed his drink, this was a really disappointing experience for me.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great atmosphere, great staff, beautiful view on the 10th floor, and most of all fantastic food.The food y'all! I had the Jail Island Salmon with crispy brussel sprouts, and truffle fries and it was delicious. The salmon was cooked to perfection with this crust on top. I cleared my plate! Then we finished things off with the bread pudding dessert that was warm and gooey perfection. Then the staff - our server John was so kind and took care of us. Andrei, the sous chef, came out to check on us and we couldn't sing his praises enough. There was another gentleman, I'm assuming is the GM, also would regularly check that our meals were just as we expected. I wish everyone at Spirits & Tales the best. Thank you for a wonderful evening. I'll be back and will be sending my friends there asap.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Had a fun night of drinks and appetizers on a recent weekday night after my daughter's graduation. The outside patio was shut down for a private event, but we were offered an intimate table inside their bar area and it worked out great.Their bar area had an extensive array of liquors, especially their bourbon and rye section so of course I ordered a Black Manhattan which was savory and unique in flavoring with grapefruit bitters.For snacks we ordered a cheese board, whipped ricotta and I had my own bowl of French onion soup. All of the dishes were very satisfying and artfully presented.I cannot speak to the larger menu as we only noshed and did not have a full meal. Have to save that review for another time!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'm a frequent guest at this hotel. My colleagues and I decided to eat at Spirit & Tales this past Tuesday night. One of my colleagues and I decided to order the Waygu burger. We both asked for our burgers to be medium-cooked. We received our orders, and both our burgers were well done and cooked. The order also came with fries. The fries were rubbery and not crispy. My colleague couldn't finish his meal, and I powered through to finish my burger.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food was mediocre at best. I Expect much more from A Marriott property. The octopus was overcooked and mushy w and didn't taste fresh. Breakfast  croissant was microwaved.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is all facade and not much substance.  I came to meet some friends and got there early.  I pulled into the garage, not realizing until I did that it\'s valet only.  Ok...guess I\'m doing valet.  They make you give your phone number and then text a link.  So I meander on up to the bar after a moment of confusion (there is zero signage in the elevator to tell you that the restaurant is on 10).   I approached the bar and was ignored for a bit until someone finally approached and looked at me with a "what can I get you" look.  Umm...a menu?   It happened to be happy hour, so I checked out that menu and asked what the canned white wine was.  I figured what the heck - I\'ll try it.   She said "Pinot Grigio" and I was in.  What she should have said was SPARKLING Pinot Grigio - because I definitely would have been out.  I drank it and regretted it pretty much immediately because it was so fizzy (not just a little effervescent, but super fizzy like soda).  The happy hour menu online had several $5 bar apps.  Those didn\'t exist on the actual menu, so I selected the chips and dip trio for $9.  This was a handful of mostly soggy chips and three little ramekins of room temp dips.  Couldn\'t tell you what they were exactly because there was no menu description and they were presented without explanation.  One was sour cream and chive.  Another was a grainy cheese.  Couldn\'t even guess at the third.   The bar service was lacking overall, and though she did try to be friendlier once some people left, I was already sort of over the place.   My friends arrived and we moved to the table.  The service was better there, and I appreciated that he took the extra step of pre-splitting the entree two of us split.  All of the food I tried was lackluster though, except for the radish toast, which was very good and vegan friendly.  The labneh app was very sour (and I usually love labneh).  The burger was juicy, but unseasoned.  The fries were fine, but nothing special.  My friend enjoyed her fish dish, though I didn\'t try it.  At the end of the meal, I had to deal with the parking link, which required that I wait in line at the hotel front desk.  After 4 people checked in and one asked a question, I forked over the $10 and was on my way.  It took a while, so car was ready by the time I got to it.  If you\'re going electronic with this, why can\'t I just pay that way?   Weird.  In the end, I thought the place was really pretty, but I didn\'t find a reason other than that to return.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Romantic setting on the 10th floor of The Oaklander Hotel. The view was good, service attentive and food hit the spot. Start with dessert - the chocolate crème brûlée to be sure. It will feed 4. It's a cross between a mousse and crème brûlée. The vegan bolognese was good; so was the labne. Cocktails were clever, but a bit light on the spirit. Enjoyable meal. Unexpectedly nice setting.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great place for drinks and small plates with a date, a friend, or work colleagues. Excellent views as the sun sets, with attentive staff. The four of us enjoyed the whipped ricotta, the charcuterie board, Caesar salad, butter lettuce salad, smoked trout, and French onion soup. No one left hungry, and in fact we struggled to finish quite everything. High quality for sure, which is why I was disappointed by the meager serving size and "meh" flavor of my $14 Paper Plane (they were out of the Brown Butter Pecan Old Fashioned).', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The view is amazing. The food was good but you are paying for the atmosphere. The staff was excellent. Very helpful and attentive.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I would describe this as a hidden gem in Oakland with an outside patio that is slightly off the beaten path. I have gone for brunch a couple times and enjoy the specials each time. For Sunday brunch I had the brunch special, frittata. It melted in my mouth and came with a salad that the right balance of dressing. I enjoyed the colorful aperol similar to a mimosa with a slice of orange. It tasted as good as it looked. If you are in the area, I would recommend stopping into the hotel and up to the restaurant. You will have an enjoyable meal and see some highlights of Oakland from above.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Excellent !!The atmosphere was electric .Charles and The team that served our party of nine were world class. Will return soon to try the new menu offers and of course enjoy the best cocktail in the city!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I'll keep it short and simple: I wouldn't come back for dinner. I would consider returning for a couple drinks for a date night. I think you pay for the view, which is pretty cool. I went to Pitt and now work at Pitt, so it wasn't anything life changing, but campus is pretty so we enjoyed it. Our food really wasn't great. I got the wagyu burger. It was nothing special. For some reason it didn't have any toppings on it, but I was so hungry I didn't even ask for them to take it back. The bacon was good but squishy. The fries were incredibly underwhelming--cold and dry. My mom got the halibut; the fish was mild and tender and it was cooked well, but it had little to no seasoning--not even salted. The coconut curry was tasty but didn't have the blast of flavor you hope for when you get coconut curry at a Thai place, for example. The cocktails were nice--overpriced--but pretty good. Mine had a decent amount of booze in it so I was satisfied by that. The service was great. Our waitress was super nice. The decor is cool. That's... about it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My husband and I went to the bar for a cocktail and the view. The bartender was tied up with a large party so who I believe who was the GM offered to take our drink order, which was thoughtful at the time. I ordered a sangria, my husband a glass of wine. What we were given was no more than 3 oz of wine and what tasted and looked like lemon seltzer water for the sangria. It was disappointing and underwhelming when you're going strictly for cocktails. Make sure the bartender is making your drinks.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This won't be my most jam packed review because I was so in the moment of being with my friends I forgot to snap a few pics SMH!Parking: pay spots on the street, valet, or the garage at Soldiers and SailorsWe went for brunch and had a lovely view of Oakland from the 10th floor of the Oaklander Hotel.There wasn't a separate cocktail menu for brunch but I opted for a latte. To start I ordered the baked ricotta and it was amazing! Warm with some hints of black pepper and drizzled with honey, served with toasted baguette slices.My entree was a simple but delicious breakfast sandwich with a side salad. It was bacon, egg and cheddar on challah with a garlic aioli.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We dined here for Christmas Eve and had a nice lunch. They serve lunch from 11-2 but were accommodating in allowing our group of 12 to order at 215pm. They then switch to a Snack menu until Dinner hours. The restaurant is located in a hotel on the 10th floor and was nicely decorated for Christmas. The bathrooms were very nice down a hallway with meeting rooms. We parked on the street which was paid parking at $3 an hour. I ordered the Hot Smoked Chicken Club. It has lettuce, tomato, cucumber on a roll. I enjoyed it but would have loved some sort of sauce to add a bit more flavor. My husband had the Lamb Merguez which had more flavor and was a sandwich covered in French fries. The fries were a little hard in my opinion. We also ordered drinks but my husband was brought an Old Fashioned instead of a Manhattan. Unclear if it was the waitress or bartender with the mistake. He drank it anyways to not cause an issue.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food is decent, but the service is extremely slow. Dinner took more than an hour to get our food. Lamb chop was overcooked. Breakfast took more than 30 minutes for an omelette and salmon on toast. Omelette came with cheese when we ordered it without.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great place for drinks and food and the view of Oakland is awesome. Thanks for reading my Yelp review have a good one.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Beautiful hotel restaurant with great views and fun food. In detail ... The vibe: Great hotel restaurant and bar! We stayed here for a wedding and loved this spot for both dining and room service. It's super cute and chic, full bar, has a great views of the city. Room service was also easy, efficient, and respectful. What we ordered: We ate a *lot* on the menu and most enjoyed the french onion soup (delicious!!! had it twice), the wild mushroom ravioli, the breakfast sandwich (sub the potato hash for a side of maple sausage), the whipped ricotta, olive starter, the beet salad, the lobster and corn bisque, and the frittata. (We also got the burgers which were perfectly fine.) Cocktails are great too: we especially enjoyed the S&T Bloody Mary's, their Derby Mule, and the rotating Cocktail for a Cause. Good for: I'm sure this restaurant would be a good fit for anyone with a business meeting to impress or someone looking for an upscale feeling date, and it's certainly a wonderful choice for wedding groups. Server and bar staff were respectful and efficient. Kind and helpful manager Andy who can help with big group reservations.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Service today--a Saturday--was very poor. We went for brunch. Got there at 12:55pm. The last reservation they accept is 1:15pm, so we figured we had enough time. We\'ve also eaten here at this time before without issue. Today we were turned away because they were "overwhelmed" by people who came in with no reservations. The server/hostess was not friendly about it either. We saw several empty tables, and there were only two people at the bar, so there was plenty of space to accommodate the two of us. Perhaps they were short-staffed. They could have said the wait would be longer than usual, but instead, they simply would not serve us. We\'ve never been rudely turned away from a restaurant in this way before, even much busier restaurants in much larger cities. We used to like this place, but we wouldn\'t go out of our way to come here again, knowing that when we get there, we might simply be told to go away.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Now I don't give 3 stars lightly. I'll admit my dinner experience was solid, but I saw first had how the pandemic had really shattered the service industry at this place. Breakfast service is a tragedy. Cold oatmeal. No utensils and items missing from my order on day 1. Day 2, no water offered, no spoon for coffee, didn't even ask me if I wanted coffee at first Look. At 250$ a night and 20$ for breakfast, you have an expectation. That expectation was not even close to met.It may seem like I'm being nitpicky, but there is a standard of service and it's gonna be an up hill climb to get there.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Spirits & Tales is an elegant top-floor bar in the classy Oaklander Hotel. They feature a long cocktail list and an expansive menu, with a healthy selection of small plates and entrees. I ordered a local beer and the duck entree. The duck itself was acceptable. The meat was cooked to the perfect medium rare, as requested, though the meat wasn't the freshest or most tender. The dish was served with lentils and puréed carrots. The carrots were fine, but the lentils were undercooked and difficult to eat. The staff was friendly, but they took a long time to greet and serve me. I was seated at the bar for a good 15 minutes before I was even acknowledged. The place was empty and the staff seemed to be having difficulty with the soda dispenser. Overall an okay spot, but at true prices they charge, one can expect more.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We love going here in the evening. Great food view and service.BRUNCH NO SO MUCH.   The food was average. Bacon over cooked.  The celery in the bloody Mary had a brown end. The music was way to loud. We asked to,have it turned down and was told that was not possible. huh?. some,of the staff agreed,it was too loud. Huh.?? I chatted with the man operating the sound system. He would not accommodate us. Next breakfast/brunch out will be somewhere else. bill b', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Cool ambience, and great views of Oakland. If I was staying at the hotel, I\'d be relatively pleased at the option of having Spirit and Tales above me. I do think they desperately need a roof/outdoor bar though. The food/drink was so/so. For drinks, the menu is rather pedestrian and it feels like a better effort could go into it. Beer list is a lot of "micro" (read macro) beers: Lagunitas, Cigar City, Founders. Nothing bad, but nothing you can\'t find in any bar these days. Wine options are satisfactory, and cocktails the same. We started with the smoked trout and horseradish dip, and the whipped ricotta. The fish aspect was decent, albeit it a bit dry. The horseradish must have skipped town. The ricotta was pretty good. It was after all...ricotta. There\'s no bread service. For meals. I had the pork chop, with harissa and asparagus,  cooked at the recommend medium-rare. My wife had the mussels and fries, and my in laws had the mahi and branzino. The branzino got better remarks than the mahi, though I tried neither. Both look appealing and were nice portions. The pork was overcooked and it was served with a butter knife. Either oversight or overconfidence but presuming the former. The harissa sauce was decent, but the dish came with no sides. I thought there would be an asparagus side, but it was actually just a few thinly sliced asparagus incorporated into the chop as a garnish. A little underwhelming and it looked very naked on the plate. My wife\'s mussels were ok, although the white wine sauce was heavy dill..good if that\'s your thing. The fries she got were quite good and the garlic aioli was surpsingly better than one would expect for just a condiment. All in all, hard for me to imagine coming back, but it\'s not the worst option, in a pinch. I say check it out once and see for yourself, but don\'t get too excited.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A nice hotel in the Oakland area of Pittsburgh houses a small restaurant on the 10th floor.Spirits & Tales is a pretty standard American place, with good breakfast choices and just okay dinner options. The breakfast has your standard options -- waffles, french toast, eggs. There are lots of egg options, which helps show the chef's expertise in working with egg dishes.Service can be slow, especially during lunch hours.Overall, the place isn't anything special, and doesn't have a whole lot of options to make it a very complete restaurant.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'d been here for lunch, which was fairly good with a spectacular view. We came for dinner before a lecture at the Carnegie Library with high expectations. Let me also preface to say that I eat out quite a bit and have explored many great restaurants in Pittsburgh and elsewhere.Maybe this is a nice place for cocktails - hard for me to say. For dinner, it\'s a definite "no," to the point that we discussed walking out to grab something at The Porch instead. (My wife and I are now at home eating more food as I write this.)When we sat down, we mentioned that we were trying to catch a lecture - with about an hour and a half. The waitress kind of chuckled. (She knew what we didn\'t - service was *exceedingly* slow.)I\'ll start with food. It was just okay. We tried a few small plates and I ordered the gnocchi entree.- The cheese plate had 3 unidentified cheeses - no one bothered to tell us about it. I could probably pick these up at Trader Joe\'s - the sizes were maybe for an elf.- The roasted carrot dish was a strange combination of flavors -- it was also tiny.- The gnocchi entree was pitifully small - maybe it should have been put under the small plates? (I attach a photo). Overall, it was overcooked and extremely salty.I\'m sure you\'re thinking that old joke about someone complaining about the food - and that there wasn\'t much of it. It\'s true here - made worse because the service was so slow that we joked about eating the cheese board.Service was bad. Sorry, it was.- One waitress came to take our small plates. She didn\'t bother to ask if we were finished (we weren\'t - we were starving) - she just started to take the plates.- Staff disappeared for long stretches - we tried several times to flag people to ask for our plates and then we\'d see no one for 10 minutes or more. This happened several times.- No one ever came to ask how the food was - they\'d just drop things off and disappear.If you want to get a beer and a burger - those looked pretty good at the next table. Otherwise, go someplace else.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A few of us got together here for a work lunch meeting and all expectations were certainly met . I had the tuna crudo and it was fresh from the fish to the greens it had been served beside. Others received the rivendale salad with salmon , arugula cucumber salad with chicken and the spinach Caesar - they looked phenomenal and the feedback was great . The only thing that was odd was , when I called the day prior to see if they could fit 5 of us at 12pm, they could not . The hostess mentioned that they could seat us at 12:15 but that there were parties before us. We arrived at 12 and there was only 2 tables sat - so I\'m not sure what other "parties" they were referring to or why they almost gave up a party of 5 for what looked like no reason at all.  Regardless , the food was amazing and the atmosphere was very nice being at the top of the hotel . We would go back .', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had the most fabulous brunch with friends here this past weekend! The food, service, atmosphere, and views left nothing to be desired. Oakland has long catered to inebriated college students with its restaurant scene, so it's wonderful finally having a classy establishment where I can envision having post-work drinks or dinner.We started with cocktails for the group, followed by raw oysters. My negroni was strong and perfectly executed. (I can't stand an overly sweet negroni.) Our East Coast/West Coast oyster tasting was light but fresh and served as the perfect transition between drinks and heavier fare.I had the spicy chicken hash with poblano peppers, sweet potatoes, and regular potatoes. Topped with a fried egg it was zesty and filling without being overly heavy or greasy. Others in my group had the baked eggs with toast, the salmon crepe, and the cornmeal waffle topped with berries. Everyone enjoyed their meals, although I think my boyfriend was jealous of my hash since he ended up with the salmon crepe and wanted something heartier. Of note, I like how the chef has incorporated greens or veggies into so many of the dishes. I feel like anything beyond eggs, meat, starch, or dessert for breakfast is a rarity with brunch. Overall we left feeling satisfied and thoroughly relaxed, and I'm certain we'll be back in the very near future!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came here for brunch on the weekend! This is a nice addition to Oakland as there are not a lot of nicer sit down options around here. The restaurant is on the 10th floor and overlooks all of Oakland. The decor is very trendy. We started with the pain perdu to share. The food did take quite a bit of time to come, so if you are in a hurry be aware of that. The french toast presentation was excellent, but it also tasted delicious. I then had the dutch baby, which was unique as it had a fried egg on top of this pancake soufflé. My friends had the avocado toast and were very pleased as well. Overall, an excellent brunch in Oakland. Glad to see some not fast casual restaurants open in the area.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is definitely worth checking out and a great addition to the Oakland brunch scene! The avo toast was delicious and filling. Also tried the Pain Perdu-- not your ordinary French toast but an interesting twist and worth a try! The portions were all really large, the only negative was the service was a bit slow. Enjoyed the views from the restaurant as well as the outdoor terrace but wish there were tables for outdoor seating', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'If you had told me that I\'d ever utter the phrase "Oakland looks so beautiful!" I would\'ve thought you were lying.  Yes, THAT Oakland: concrete jungle where educational dreams are made of.  Well, joke\'s on me, because those were the first words out of my mouth as I entered the open, light-filled space on the 10th floor of The Oaklander Hotel that is occupied by Spirits & Tales.  Seriously... who knew the neighborhood looked so pretty from above street level?!The menu is varied, whether you\'re here for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner.  You\'ll find anything from sandwiches and salads to full entrees of fish and chicken.  They also offer oysters and small plates and a gorgeous, fully-stocked bar to wash it all down.  For my brunch order I elected to get the Jambon-Buerre sandwich, which consisted of a generous helping of serrano ham, topped with cheese, a rosemary apple mustard and a fresh cabbage slaw for the perfect crunch.  The bread was toasted just right and I felt that the sandwich, which is accompanied by dressed greens or fries, was a fair portion for the price.  My brunch buddy Shannon ordered the Dutch Baby Pancake and found her meal to be a delight as well. I\'ve also had the fortune of trying the horseradish gnocchi, which was one of the first dishes to catch my eye when I got a glimpse of the full restaurant menu.  I love horseradish and I love gnocchi, so combining them into one tasty little pillow of perfection?  *chef\'s kiss*  The horseradish is actually incorporated into the gnocchi, and it\'s served with oyster mushrooms, sauteed kale, and a delightful spread of black pepper ricotta that is worthy of its own spot on the menu.Overall, the food and atmosphere were excellent.  Service was also top notch, as our waitress kept our coffee full and was attentive enough while still allowing us to enjoy a leisurely, chatty brunch.  I look forward to coming back soon to try more of the menu, sip on a cocktail, and enjoy the view that you\'ll just have to see for yourself!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is amazing! Was very impressed by the ambiance and the setup of the restaurant. I only had cocktails and french fries, but I was impressed by both. Others at my table had full plates and raved about the taste. This place will be amazing for brunch in the summertime given the open concept and amount of windows. The handcrafted cocktails were delicious and packed a nice punch. A word to the wise try their take on ginger juice its absolutely delicious. I recommend trying this place immediately.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fantastic new spot!   Amazing cocktails (I would highly suggest the Andies Drink and the Butterfly Effect)! Fernando was amazing in his service.  And Derrick is here from Needle and Pin so I expect the cocktail program to always be on point. We had a few snacks. The Cheese plate was wonderful.   Can't wait to come back for dinner and try more of Chef Jessica Lewis's menu!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We came here for a group brunch on a sunny Sunday. Located on the 10th floor of The Oaklander Hotel, the view is expansive across Oakland. Count yourself lucky if you find street parking and if not there is a parking garage across the street under the Sailors and Soldiers Museum and also valet. Our 10-person party comfortably fit in a private room to the side of the bar. The service was excellent. The drinks and food were excellent. It's stellar brunch seems to still be a secret as the restaurant was not crowded.  The ambiance and industrial chic decor reminds me of another hotel restaurant I adore so the more of these the merrier.  I definitely plan to return for another group brunch because I enjoyed it so much. I ordered the spinach scramble hash. Next time maybe the Avocado Toast.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Service could be a bit slow at times but the food is worth the wait! For the first evening I had duck, and it was so good I had it for the second evening too! For breakfast the first morning I had the avocado toast on gluten free bread, and the second morning I had the oatmeal. For an appetizer the first night, I had the sweet potato beignet. They were warm, soft, puffy and just plain delicious. For dessert the first night I also had the almond cake and it was delicious. They were unfortunately out the second night.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Stopped in before a Pitt BB game for dinner with some friends that enjoy S&T.  The room is very nice with a great view of Oakland with a large bar and nice area for cocktails.  Our waitress was helped out by food runners and other waitresses.  Even with the assistance, the service seemed a bit disjointed.  The place was busy and our waitress seemed to have quite a few tables.  We ordered some drinks and wine by the glass.  The pours of wine were very different even though the same wine was in the glasses.  One glass was filled properly and the other had about half as much.  So then they asked for a second glass and it happened again???  Maybe the staff at the bar should have a glass behind the bar with a making on it to tell them how much goes in a glass!  Later on a different waitress come to check on us and someone asked for an other drink.  That drink was forgotten until we asked our waitress who promptly filled the order.  As for the food.  It was really good.  Spilt the Short Rib Poutine and the Vegan Bolonese which was outstanding.  The homemade pasta with some Brussel leaves and mushrooms was a real hit.  The poutine was very good too. Others really enjoyed there meals too.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "An unfortunate and unpleasant experience at the bar a few days ago. My friend (in her 30s) did not have ID with her. We were polite, apologetic, and in no mood to quarrel.The bartender had different ideas. She became quite agitated, and pushed my drink away from me. She then berated us in front of the other people at the bar. We were mortified and left immediately. As we headed towards the elevator we saw her come out from behind the bar towards us.Notably, I myself was never carded during this exchange. It's unclear why, and my friend's best guess is that our bartender was engaging in profiling.I've lived in states with very strict ID laws and sometimes someone forgets an ID. Staff handle it: oh sorry, we just can't serve you. This was very different.The whole experience was bizarre. I'll stick to Porch from now on.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If it weren't for our entrees, I would have given this restaurant a 5 due to the excellent cocktails, starters , and wait staff . We decided to order the strip steak, one order medium rare, the other medium. Unfortunately, the medium rare was medium well and the medium was well done. There is no excuse for this to occur when you order a $60 steak. I would ,however, return for cocktails and apps, as the restaurant has a very nice view of the Pitt campus from the tenth floor.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love this spot!   During our stay in the Oaklander Hotel in Pittsburgh last month I visited the top floor multiple times to check out Spirits & Tales.  The view is remarkable, and the interior is simply well-done.  You can score a table, sit at the bar, grab a nook near the fireplace to watch the game (my choice), or work at a communal table on your laptop.  We typically grabbed cocktails and/or wine, but I did try the fancy radish toast because I was intrigued.  Never heard of such, but it was enjoyable.  Kind of earthy, but light.  Will have to sample more of the menu on my next visit.  Bar service was great!   I'm salty that I can't recall the names of the 2 bartenders that took care of me, but they were both excellent.  I sampled some bourbons over the weekend, and tried a few wines as well.  Very nice place whether you are solo and want to meet some new friends, or with your partner and/or friends.  I would say that it's worth a visit if you staying at the hotel or not.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I went for breakfast and had their Breakfast Sandwich. Very good and not too pricy. Also has a nice view.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Very disappointed in my experience at this restaurant. I made reservations for my girlfriend\'s birthday, with hopes to have a great experience on the rooftop deck with several friends.  This restaurant was on my list of places to try for several months. I saw good reviews on online restaurant review sites as well as it came highly recommended by a co-worker. Our reservation was at 7:30 on Saturday night. Our party was for 5 and was changed last minute to 6. At this point I have given all restaurant establishments the benefit of the doubt due to Covid-19, so when we walked in to a silent, less than patronized restaurant I was not surprised. We purposely showed up early (at 6:50pm) to attempt to watch the Kentucky Derby at 7pm in the lounge while enjoying some drinks and appies.  Upon arrival to the restaurant, we were barely greeted. My first impression was that they did not care that we were there. The two staff members looked like deer in headlights as they didn\'t hurry to seat us in the lounge. After nearly 10 minutes, we were sat in the lounge. We asked to change the channel on the TVs to the race and the manager tried, but the dish apparently cannot get NBC so he left nothing on the TV and disappeared. Needless to say, we did not see the race. After a solid 15-20 period of waiting, a server finally came over to take our order for drinks. This is surprising considering there were not many people there. She did not introduce herself to us by name. She was rude and uninviting and you could tell she was miserable...certainly did not want to wait on us. To be expected, several items on the drink list were not on the menu, which she informed us but she continued to take our order without writing anything down.  I ordered a bombay sapphire dirty martini with two olives. Several others ordered cocktails. We also ordered the olive and shrimp appetizer. The drinks took about 10 minutes to serve and when they came, two were wrong. My martini was served without olives and came with a lemon twist and my friend ordered vodka on the rocks with a lemon and received no lemon. Our appetizers arrived and they were the bright point of the night. They were both excellent. Lastly, once we received our appetizers, we asked to move to our seats on the rooftop deck (outside) to enjoy a beautiful evening, only to find out we were not being seated outside. Apparently, all tables are considered rooftop since the restaurant is on the 10th floor. Very misleading, since we were told repeatedly that we would be "on the roof deck".  At that point, we left. We all drove from Robinson and Moon Twp. to experience Spirits and Tales.  The terrible service forced us to to make the decision to make other arrangements for the evening. It was immediately apparent to me that this restaurant management and staff was not trained appropriately. The restaurant was not as advertised. I expect A LOT more from an establishment that has a reputation of being a high end experience. The place was in complete disarray, the staff was rude and there was absolutely no attention to detail. To say our experience at Spirits and Tales was underwhelming is giving it too much credit.  I hope this review opens up your eyes to making the appropriate changes.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Writing this after suffering through dinner here. Wow, nothing at all good to say about this place. We stopped here because it was packed when we checked in to the hotel, so it seemed quite popular. The service is a new low. The restaurant is empty but the waitress sat us at a table next to the service area, which was noisy. The view was not great. The waitress came twice quickly while we were reading the menu, then disappeared in the back to chat with the other servers. We could hear her talking in the kitchen but it took some effort to flag her down. She took the order, went to check on the availability of one item, but had to be reminded to take my wine order. Where to begin about the food? The soup tasted liked it came from a bottle of coriander mint sauce from an Indian restaurant. Just a few rood vegetables in there. The duck was miserable. Way overcooked, not pink at all. The skin was not crispy, rather just wet. I was hungry and ate it, otherwise would have returned it. Reheated olives were over-priced and not tasty. My friend is throwing up the soup as I write this review. Unbelievable to have such a restaurant in a nice and trendy hotel.No idea why there are any reviews more than one star.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I was anxiously awaiting the opening of this hotel and restaurant as Oakland has a great need for an upscale eatery and bar.  From the second we walked in none of us in our group felt welcome.  My one friend was early and it was ten minutes before the bartender even greeted her.  It took awhile for us to be seated and then another ten minutes to get our coffee.  It was about an hour for our group of six to get our meals.I had an "appetizer" of a tiny bobka, which was delicious.  My entree, a ham sandwich, was so oversalted I couldn\'t eat the other half.  The fries came cold.  I will give props to the space - it is gorgeous.  The bathrooms were immaculate.  The view is probably one of the best in Oakland.  Let\'s hope things improve, especially in regards to the attitudes of the staff.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Cool atmosphere but bad service and unimpressive menu.  It took a 20+ min to get my first drink and upon noticing that, I kept an eye out and most others waited equally as long. They also forgot to bring out my soup and after 30 min when asking about it, then it magically showed up 5min later. As a guest at the hotel, it's certainly worth the walk elsewhere", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So disappointed.  The advertising for this place is magnificent all the photos are enticing.  The reality is so different.  For example the photo below is the "French Bloody Mary ".  It\'s supposed to be garnished with celery and beans.  Nope.  That was just the first disappointment.  In addition, they advertise as a brasserie and they don\'t serve champagne.  Confused???  Me too!!  Lastly, and it saddens me to say it but I ordered eggs over easy and the photo below will show you what I actually received.  So much potential.  Falls so short', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Best bar staff.  Janel kicks out the cocktails like a rockstar.  The "Head of Security" is hilarious.  Can\'t wait to go back.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had a great breakfast with fantastic service and a clean atmosphere before the Pitt basketball game on Saturday. My wife and I enjoyed the fantastic views of soldiers and sailors and fifth Avenue. We will definitely be returning Before or after a game.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Close to three stars but the atmosphere bumps it up. Gorgeous space. Hostess had an aloof attitude as if she was doing us a favor by seating us. First impressions matter. Server earnest but overwhelmed with tables. Waited 20 minutes for our cocktails. Split the gnocchi for a starter and if that tiny portion had been my entree I'd have left hungry. Main, the fish. Just ok. The skin on the char had sat too long and wasn't crisp anymore. The broth was just ok. Needed a shot of acid and a little more fat. Deserts (pot de creme and almond cake) were delightful and saved the day. No way we will be back until Bigelow Blvd is reopened. Too hard to get there!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good view and food, but not great service. We came here for a girls night. Our bar tender seemed annoyed with us and wasn't friendly at all. Our server was nice but it took a very long time for her to come over, check on us, take our order and bring out the food. The cheese app and gnocchi were good. We sat near the window and had a great view of Oakland. That was the best part of the experience.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We had heard Spirits & Tales was a good place for Breakfast/Lunch so we decided to give Sunday Brunch a try. The decor is not fancy, but definitely pleasing to the eye. We also heard you could eat outside on the 10 th floor balcony. We opted for this and reserved a table for Sunday at 10:30. The temperature was perfect and the view from the balcony lovely. My wife had the S&T special and I had the Crab Scramble which was a Brunch special. We both totally enjoyed or breakfast and were extremely happy with the service. We definitely recommend Spirits & Tales for Brunch, and if dinner is anything like Brunch, then we recommend giving it a try', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Excellent ambience with great views especially if you're sitting by the window. The chef is very creative and  she matches the flavors. The ingredients are fresh. I tried thei soufflé   Savory baby .  We also tried Pain  Purdue,  S &T breakfast and the salmon. Amazing and we will back soon. We work in Oakland so will stop by for happy hour and drinks.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Stopped here for happy hour. Great view and good service. Happy hour menu and drinks are pretty awesome. The socca on their happy hour menu is awesome. Yummy fries. On the drinks side they have really amazing bourbon and rye collection and there's Japanese whisky on tap. Try the highball.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great spot on the 10th floor of The Oaklander Hotel. Wonderful views of Pittsburgh and beyond plus a small patio with couches, chairs and tables. We had breakfast twice while we were staying at the hotel. The first - basic two eggs, great whole wheat toast and and housemade root hash. The second - avocado toast with spouts - huge portion on thick slabs of bread plus a side order of berries. Either/both could be shared. Our waitress was lovely. We also had drinks on our last night - inventive cocktails.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Beautiful venue. The potato and apple was good but served with a cod spread that was tough and so so taste. My cocktail was delicious but was served in a glass half empty. See photo. Unappealing, like someone took a few sips. Soup of the day was too thick and heavy flavors. Fries and burger were good considering it came out well done instead of the medium which we ordered. Oysters were very good. But no serving spoon for the sauce. Gnocchi was very good. Needs some polish but it definitely has potential.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is great. I've been living in Oakland as a student for a few years now, and this was a fantastic discovery. Parents came to visit and stayed at the neighboring Wyndham Hotel, but upon discovering that the new Oaklander had a restaurant we decided it would be easiest to eat here.Atmosphere is perfect--more on the upscale side, but still slightly casual. It's clean and comfortable. We ordered the french onion soup, six oysters, duck, and their 14oz ribeye steak. Each dish was great and prepared well. They've got a wonderful variety of options on their menu.Best part was the service. I'm currently a bartender and server myself and, perhaps I'm biased, but the bartenders, our server, and the manager were all sweet and attentive. I understand how stressful the job can be, especially on a Friday night. We really appreciated their service. Excited to come back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Nice Venue for Cocktails with View of Pitt CampusWe were staying at the Oaklander Hotel, and had breakfast and cocktails at this restaurant on the 10th floor. The breakfast was good with typical hotel prices. Cocktail hour attracts an upscale clientele to this new venue near Carnegie Mellon and Pitt. There are good views of the Pitt campus and adjacent Soldiers & Sailors monument.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This menu is exquisite. So many small plates to try and share with the table. The soccca, radish toast, grilled octopus (so good), horseradish gnocchi, roasted chicken.... you can't go wrong. Definitely recommend!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great place! We loved the decor and ambiance here. The staff was super friendly and accommodating. The food was very tasty and good portions. The drinks are crafted with precision. Andy was amazing the entire night and made sure we were taken care of. Next time we are In Pittsburgh, Spirits and Tales it is!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Was excited to try the newest bar and lounge in Oakland.  Really enjoyed the ambiance and the view. Felt kind of like a Kimpton-- definitely a step up from Porch. We had several plates and they were all good, though none were really great. The cocktails were fun though, and I highly recommend the Polish Punch--perfect combination of ginger and cardamom!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came here for brunch to celebrate a friend's birthday. There wasn't a lot of people during brunch time on Sunday, which makes it a perfect place to talk and just chill with your friends. The view is also pretty great, I remember thinking I would come here to do homework and just do homework or read here the whole afternoon. As for the food, I got the avocado toast, which was very good for its value and I would recommend it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Perfect Golden Juice, refreshing on a hot day. Attentive staff, great ambiance, and best view in Oakland.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I doubt I will return to Spirits & Tales.I had read good things on instagram and elsewhere about Chef Jessica Lewis, so I was expecting a truly superlative food experience. I did not have one. The beets were excellent. I had a baked ricotta starter that had a strangely sweet taste to it. I subsequently found out it was from bee pollen. Not something I\'d order again. I had cake for dessert that was described as "almond cake with honey caramel." The cake itself was absolutely wonderful. But the so-called honey caramel had so much orange in it, orange should have been listed as a primary ingredient. It\'s not one of my favorite flavors, and I would have chosen something else for dessert.I went back today because a friend wanted to see the place, which is truly beautiful in a brown/beige/stainless modern fashion. And the view really is stunning, day or night.I noticed they\'d added "orange" to the description of the cake, which I take as a good sign.But my lunch was dreadful. It was a smoked chicken sandwich in which the chicken was woefully overcooked. And as it took us about a half an hour to receive our food, there wasn\'t time to send it back and ask for something else. I did enjoy the side salad that came with the sandwich. Nice vinaigrette.Overall, it\'s a great big "Ehhhh..." Next time I need to eat in Oakland, I will choose the Union Grill or one of the Legume restaurants over this place. The food is so good at all of them. Or even Five Guys. They\'re basic, but they\'re good.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This was my second time here for brunch. The hotel itself is beautiful, stayed the night for a wedding. From the outside, you wouldn\'t think it provides as nice of a view as it does. The first time I came I had the S&T Breakfast - eggs, housemade sausage, potatoes and toast. Pretty standard breakfast fare, but the sausage was really freakin good. I\'m not usually a big toast person, but their\'s was great. The waitress said they get it from Five Points Bakery. Great hangover cure, but alittle pricy at $15. This last time, 2 of us had the steak and eggs, which was $18. Mine was cooked properly (medium), but my friend who ordered medium-rare, we both agreed his was more medium-well. The steak itself had good taste, but it could\'ve been warmer, a bigger portion, and it wasn\'t served with the chimichurri as listed on the menu. It was provided after our request, but it was also cold. That said, it had great flavor. I could put that on anything. The cocktails here are made well. I would say this is typically my favorite part. I would peg this as a place to come for pre or post meal drinks. I travel a lot and get that it is located in a hotel and you "pay for the view", but for the price, I shouldn\'t leave immediately needing to get a snack. Maybe I\'m just obsessed with food. That could definitely be it.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I arrived at the gorgeous new Oaklander Hotel on a beautiful Sunday with high hopes. Spirts & Tales resides on the hotel\'s 10th floor and it is STUNNING. The views, the décor, the restrooms - all of it, beautiful. I had plenty of time to take in the sights since I stood at the host stand for a solid 10 minutes before anyone approached me. From my view, there were three seated tables in the entire place, so the busy-factor was non-existent. Finally, the hostess greeted me with a meek "sorry." She said I needed to wait for the reminder of my party to be seated, which I understand, but found it amusing considering the empty restaurant. Still, I was looking forward to the experience. My party arrived shortly thereafter and we were seated promptly. Our friendly server arrived to fill our waters and coffees were ordered. From water to coffee, coffee to food, food to check, the meal took nearly two hours. The good news is, my Avocado Toast was incredible. Truly, the best I\'ve had. Reviews on the rest of the meals were mixed, but at $9 a pop, I\'d eat that toast all day. The other meals were clearly overpriced, but you sort of expect that in a hotel restaurant. The strangest part of the experience was the revelation that the "saucer liners" consisted of torn out Bible verses. BIBLE VERSES. Are you kidding me?! I\'m not religious, but was offended on behalf of humanity. The sheets didn\'t appear to be from an actual Bible, but WHY would you do that? We actually asked the server, who agreed that it was strange but explained that, as part of the "tales" vibe, they cut up books to use as liners. Honestly, they lost me there. I get that books can\'t live forever and that they are, at times, turned into art and the like. But to cut them up to line a saucer, and to use a Bible verse - I do NOT get that. With so many extraordinary restaurants in Pittsburgh, I can\'t say I\'ll be back to this one. All things considered, I always recommend everyone try a place for themselves and this is no exception.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went here after a Pitt basketball game in the mid afternoon where there's a limited menu. Service was good- we had a casual group mainly getting drinks and a few food items. The fries on the snack menu were fantastic- shoestring with fabulous seasoning. We also ordered a burger to share between my husband and I. Ordered it medium without the aioli. It came out with the aioli both on top and below the burger. We asked if they could just bring a new bun and lettuce and tomato, because the burger didn't need replaced, and the server was great in getting it.  The burger was very nicely seasoned but was cooked to death- no where near medium.  Didn't have the heart at that point to send it back, plus my husband was starving. Disappointing as there is a very limited menu. Great views and great atmosphere.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Gorgeous venue and view. However, the service is dreadfully slow. No one seems to care about speed, efficiency, or being polite. Everyone that worked there seemed pretentious and as if you are a bother. I had to get someone to get us menus, which took a solid ten minutes after sitting. Our server forgot what one person in our groups drink order was. Took another 10 minutes to receive our drinks. When our small bites arrived by a runner we didn't receive any silverware, napkins, or plates. We had to ask for them. Hopefully they can put a little pep in the step of their employees and this place good take off.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The best thing about this restaurant is the ambience, certainly the classiest place to eat in Oakland and the one with the best views. My favorite thing to eat ... the fries, and I don't even like potatoes but I give them five stars. The general consensus.... the chicken is wonderful and the gnocchi was quite good, anything else was fine. This place is likely not for the picky eater due to a small and expensive menu. The most basic choice the burger... again, best thing the accompanying fries. The service is friendly and your water will stayed refilled, but the experience is not exactly fast. This was my second visit and on both occasions there has been something slightly off with the food experience, ie One soup with a crostini one without. This is not a huge deal but the prices are fine dining. A beautiful location for a happy hour but if you're mobile enough to go elsewhere for dinner I'd likely suggest it.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The drinks are really bad. Bad presentation + taste... We asked for the prettiest drinks and what we got just really looked like two glasses of orange juice lol.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Disappointing.   Let me just say that the food was very good!  However, between the poor service and the fact that the bar could not even manage to make a standard gin and tonic - I'm not sure that I will be prioritizing a return to this beautiful setting.  We were there on a weekday evening and there were very few tables.  Nonetheless, service was painfully slow and no servers were particularly caring, helpful or understanding. In summation, as I began, disappointing.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Spirits & Tales is very much the average hotel restaurant to me - good/decent food presented in a way that made it seem a lot fancier than it actually was and for a higher price. However, it is pretty upscale in terms of location, view, and aesthetic, so you might pay more for the "feel" rather than the actual food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. Terrific cocktails. They've got the gluten-free thing down, and that's not easy when eating gluten free isn't a choice. Fabulous selection of small plates as well as full dinners. Great service.  Love the view of Oakland. One of the best Classic French onion soups I've ever had. I've been here four times now and had a stellar experience each time. My only suggestions are to tone down the salt a bit, and make the almond cake gluten free. Otherwise I can't recommend this restaurant highly enough.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My husband and I came in with our friends for brunch. The delightful ambiance took us right in! The restaurant is on the tenth floor giving a beautiful view of the Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall. Our server informed us that they were working on a new brunch menu. So we got the option of the breakfast and lunch menu. We were tempted by how different the options appeared from the typical brunch items elsewhere. The food surely didn't disappoint! The Eggs en Cocotte were warm and perfectly seasoned. From the perfectly crisp French fries to the moist and flavorful chicken on the Hot Smoked Chicken Club, everything was on point. We were super impressed by the minty take on the delectable lamb sausage in the French Hot Dog. My husband couldn't get enough of the Chocolate Croissant! The Pain Perdu had the perfect balance of sweetness from the maple syrup and tartness from the strawberries. The crunch from the toasted pepitas elevated the dish. The only downside we felt was the Golden Juice which was a bit overpowering perhaps because of the turmeric. Kudos to the Chef for keeping the menu interesting and delivering on the taste as well!! Hope they maintain the consistency as we come visiting again soon!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is the restaurant atop the brand new Marriott Autograph Collection Hotel, the Oaklander, on Pitt's campus.  Take the elevator to the 10th floor where hotel check-in is located and you will see the restaurant which has gorgeous views of Oakland.  I went once for happy hour (they did not have specials) and the service as the bar was so slow even for my simple Shirley Temple.  I wanted to give this place one more chance and went back a few weeks later for Sunday brunch and the service was just as bad. It took a very long time for anyone to even acknowledge we were there and take us to our table.  The brunch menu has a good number of options and I went with the French toast.  For $15 and two pieces of French toast topped with nuts, whipped ricotta and a marmalade sauce, I was not impressed.  It took over an hour for us to order and have our food served with no one in the group really loving their meals.  You can skip this restaurant for a meal as there are plenty of other places to dine in Oakland however it is worth stopping by for a drink and to see the views.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The gnocchi was very good but the portion (entree) was much too little. Maybe 10 pieces of gnocchi and some crunchy kale. Really odd since someone else at table got chicken and it was a very large portion.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The restaurant is still working out the kinks.  Bar and table service were very slow, but the staff were apologetic and kept us apprised.  The food was really good, especially the horseradish gnocchi and salmon tartare.  I was hoping this was a rooftop bar, but the terrace was only big enough for maybe 8 people seated.  The interior couch bar seating is good with nice views.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Beautiful interior on the 10th floor of the Oaklander.  I had brunch with a few friends.  No advertised brunch drinks, but they have a full bar, so we settled with prosecco.  The chocolate babka was a must, everyone enjoyed their food, the burger was huge! Happy hour has highballs on special with a cool Suntory tap.  I definitely want to stop back for dinner soon.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Our group of 20 had a wonderful brunch on Mother's Day. The ambiance is modern with a beautiful view of Oakland. It is a perfect setting for any occasion but certainly one for a special occasion. We felt welcomed upon arrival and our servers were excellent and handled a variety of meal requests perfectly. The food was delicious and everyone in our large group loved the food. It is a wonderful addition to Oakland.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Pretty average dining experience. The food was only ok. I had the duck, which was fine (not amazing). Colleagues also had the duck and another the fish special (salmon) with similar remarks. My recommendation would be to go for the view of Oakland and have a drink. Dinner was only an average experience and the service was borderline average.', 'review_rating': None}]