Information about The Forge{"businesses": [{"id": "MdpoKByQGwhCb9ZWaPxUXg", "alias": "the-forge-pittsburgh", "name": "The Forge", "image_url": "https://s3-media1.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/XSK4VzgAXu3YwpRcFeDrKA/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-forge-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 182, "categories": [{"alias": "lounges", "title": "Lounges"}, {"alias": "mediterranean", "title": "Mediterranean"}, {"alias": "cocktailbars", "title": "Cocktail Bars"}], "rating": 4.5, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.462559, "longitude": -79.967575}, "transactions": ["pickup", "delivery"], "location": {"address1": "3345 Penn Ave", "address2": null, "address3": null, "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15201", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["3345 Penn Ave", "Pittsburgh, PA 15201"]}, "phone": "+14124083322", "display_phone": "(412) 408-3322", "distance": 2263.687773667646}], "total": 15, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Feta Feta Bang Bang Pizza,Fun Guy Pizza,Drunken Mushrooms,Bianca Pizza,Vegan Shawarma,Blooming Cauliflower,Seared Ahi Tuna,Baba,Brisket,Israeli Salad,Golden Oyster Mushroom,Four Seasons Pizza,Quattro Formaggi Pizza,Babaganoush,Tiramisu,
[{'review_text': 'I loved the ambiance and the food was excellent. We had appetizers and drinks. This is my second time. The first time we had the roasted eggplant. So yummy. This time we had the roasted cauliflower. Also an excellent choice. Great for drinks and appetizers!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Went on a Friday night for a reservation with friends. I\'ll start with the pros: the space is beautiful and has an upscale feel. I\'ve always been a fan of a plush lounge, and that\'s basically what all the seating is. Small comfy lounges for you and your party. Dim lighting and a gorgeous bar provide for a nice "night out" ambiance. Secondly, the food we ordered was all very good. There\'s a Mediterranean theme for small plates and otherwise a pizza menu. We shared the chicken/lamb schwarma hummus, warm olives, grape leaves and the Bianca pizza. All were delicious. The cocktails and wine list were decent, but the guys weren\'t very impressed with the beer list, stating it was a very odd and small assortment of options. Unfortunately I\'m giving The Forge 3 stars due to the lackluster service. Our server was not very attentive at all and the service was very slow. She didn\'t give us a chance to completely order our food for the table (for example each couple wanted to share a pizza, they\'re pretty small) so we had to walk up to her in the restaurant to finish our order since she rushed through and ran off. Our waters were never refilled and we were never checked in with to see if we wanted another round of drinks.  We didn\'t at a certain point because the whole thing was so dragged out. We waited probably 20-30 minutes for the check after requesting it, and our server seemed to disappear so we couldn\'t even get her attention to remind her. The service pretty much ruined the other aspects this place has going for it. I probably won\'t return.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Cute spot with a great chill vibe. I was home for the weekend and wanted to try something new. I stumbled across the forge and was intrigued by it. The inside all of the tables and chairs are velvet comfortable seats and intimate settings. They have unique and delicious drinks. I opted for the campfire espresso martini and the mezcal drink (I forget the name!) both were very delicious. The espresso martini was my favorite though. Very fall like. We were unsure of what to order so we ordered a few things and shared them. I saw many people talk about the Feta Feta Bang Bang Pizza so we had to order it. It lived up to the hype! Very delicious. We also got the Israeli Salad which was flavorful and refreshing and the hummus. Everything was great and the portions were generous. The staff was attentive and always checked in on us to make sure everything was good. Definitely an intimate setting for a date night or a time to chat with friends.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We came here for a night cap after a lovely dinner down the street at Senti, and I can't believe I had never been here before! The vibes are super cute & cozy with big velvet armchairs & comfy couches at every table. We ordered espresso martinis that were made quickly and had a nice strong coffee flavor. I would love to come back & try their food because I am a sucker for a wood fired pizza oven! The only thing to note is that I don't think their online open times are correct, because we went at 9:30 and just made it in time for last call (even though the listed hours said they would be open for several more hours). Luckily we just wanted a quick drink anyway. I definitely want to go back for a longer period of time!Food: N/ADrinks: AService: B+Ambiance: A", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I recently came to The Forge on a Wends evening. When I first walked in, I really enjoyed the vibe and atmosphere. There is a lot of plush couches and chairs along with a bar and a few high top tables. We ordered a round of drinks. I ordered the bartenders choice. So I told the waitress which spirit I wanted (I chose mezcal) and what flavor profile I wanted (I chose earthy) and she made a custom drink for me. It was so delicious! We also ordered the brisket appetizer and mushroom pizza. The table we sat at was right next to where they make the pizzas. The pizzas are wood fired pizzas and are delicious. The service was great and the vibe was dope. I'll definitely be back to the forge!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great food, drinks, atmosphere. Many lounging chairs and an intimate setting. We sat at the bar and had great service and attendance.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Quirky restaurant in the Lower Lawrenceville/Strip District area! I've been eyeing their menu for the longest time because they are allergy friendly and have lots of options, especially for foods made with gluten and dairy. I got the Four Seasons pizza with gluten free crust and vegan cheese blend! It was super delicious. I expected the toppings to be mixed instead of equally divided into four sections. My friend got the Fun Guy pizza and he thoroughly enjoyed it too! The crust was thin and the sauce to cheese ratio was perfect! The restaurant has a bar area and the main dining area comprises of colorful, velvet sofas/chairs to sit on. I did not get to dine in this time, but I am looking forward to going and experiencing the full thing! The one odd part was that their online ordering was not working and the tabs for each pizza varied. Like some you could choose gfree and vegan cheese, but others you cannot. In their menu it says that all pizzas can be made allergy friendly? Unclear. Would go again!tldr;food 4service 4interior 4", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great upstairs view- great appetizers and great sammich!   Definitely a try once and make it your main stay!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Oh what a find!It exceeded my expectations. I'd say this is a perfect place for a date or a formal dinner. I loved the ambience. Since I had made a last minute reservation, I got the bar tables but the staff was kind enough to give me a table later. I ordered the bartender's choice for drinks and it was such a pleasant surprise. The food was absolutely delicious. I ordered drunken mushrooms,olives, fun guy pizza and a mezze platter. The portion size was great. I shared it with 3 other friends. Everything we had was flavorful. I would definitely go back next time. I recommend!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'It\'s the absolute perfect spot for a girls\' night or date night this Cozy Season! The seating is all lounge style with jewel toned velvet. The flame of the pizza oven in the back helps complete the vibe.All of the cocktails were fantastic! (They were out of ingredients for a couple of them but offered alternatives.)Purple Haze was like a whiskey sour with the twist of adding grape.The Perfect Storm with beet vodka, St. Germaine, creme de Violette, & lavender was, indeed, perfect.Finally, I\'d wanted to try the "Forge Loko" espresso drink but, they were out of quite a few ingredients so the bartender recommended another delectable after-dinner coffee drink with plenty of foam! The Feta Feta Bang Bang pizza with dates, sun dried tomatoes, arugula, & spicy honey was really great! The Margherita was a little crust heavy & lacked flavor imo but we heated it up with some spices and extra cheese later & it was tasty. Overall, we really enjoyed our time & I\'d 100% go back to try more drinks. Service was slow because the bartender was also serving the room but, she was very nice & we relaxed, chatted, & enjoyed the environment. The thing that would definitely knock another star off of my experience if we\'d been in a hurry at all was that when we finally got the bill (after waiting quite some time for the bill & having waited patiently a little longer than normal between each drink) our server then seemily disappeared so we couldn\'t pay/leave. Someone else went behind the bar so eventually we went up and paid (we were seated at a table, not the bar). On our way out the door the server & a number of others were returning from a smoke break...honestly, annoying. Why not close us out first? As my boss would say, "never make anyone wait to pay you."', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went here last Saturday for a birthday dinner. Everything was fantastic!! Service top notch !! Loved the vegan pizza and my husband really enjoyed his charcuterie board. Don't skip the espresso campfire s'mores martini !!! YUM!!! Will be back for sure", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Nice spot for relaxing and enjoying a cocktail or a meal.   Really nice seating on some plush chairs and love seats with a dark warm atmosphere.  Had one of the cocktails, think it was the apology and yes they should apologize because it was not the best combination of items mixed together.  We also ordered a bottle of wine that ended up not being in stock.  This is the second time this had happened.  Not sure why they were out of the wine and did not like the substitute recommended so ordered a different wine.  The wine list is short and had a nice mix of wines but most are not wines that I would choose to have; they could do a better job of picking wines in the same price range and get wines that are wines that I think are better quality. We had the one of the boards that had a nice selection of meats and cheeses.  Really thought there has a nice selection of items.  Our waitress stopped by with some additional bread to make sure we had enough.  We also shared a couple of the pizza's, a white and one with red sauce.  Both were very good.  If you are looking for a nice place to relax and have a drink or dinner, The Forge is a good choice.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Made a reservation for Friday night. It was 7pm and the place hadn\'t filled in yet. We were seated right away in a velvety, plush set of lounge chairs. Right away points for setting and ambiance. Menu came up off a QR scan. Drinks were legit mixology level experiences. My wife had the "bartenders choice". I was really impressed. She gave a few examples of things she liked and things she didn\'t like. And she loved the end result. I had a couple great cocktails as well (drinks 5 out of 5). For food, we ordered a bunch of shared plates for our party of four. That included the works platter (5/5) (cheese and meats, and the cheese was phenomenal). Followed by a marg pizza (3/5) and a flatbread (4/5), oyster mushrooms (4/5), baba ghanoush (5/5) and a cauliflower thing that was really the only thing I didn\'t love (1/5). In fact it was really bland. Outside of that, service was attentive. Vibe was chill, bar was ample, and the food met the occasion. And for everything we ordered, the bill was in the lower range of my expectations. After a couple cocktails each plus food, it came to about $60/person before tip. Would definitely venture back. Only downside, parking in this area always sucks. But I guess that\'s the price of admission for Lawrenceville.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Walked in and the bartender yelled they'd be right with us. There were a few open seats at  the bar, but as soon as we went to ask if we could sit, she yelled again if you don't have a reservation, we're fully booked for tonight. Extremely rude and abrupt. Turned away people who were willing to wait, but not with that attitude. Disappointed.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "It's crazy I've never reviewed this bar as it's one of my faves. The mixologists on staff are simply supreme. If you're looking for the finest of cocktails, this is where you want to be.Lots of yummy food choices too.Heads up, reservations are the best route to go (yes, even at the bar).", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious dinner! We made reservations for the bar. Definitely make reservations - they seemed like they were turning people away it was so busy. Cocktails were delicious and so was the food. Bartenders were super friendly and skilled. We split the rainbow mezze and the feta feta bang bang pizza. I loved every part of the mezze, but the hummus, baba, and labneh really stood out.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The Forge is a very relaxing and cute cocktail lounge. They have large velvet armchairs that are super comfortable. The tables are little low so it's easier to have appetizers here than a big meal.The cocktails are exceptional, especially the bartenders choice. You can tell the bartender/waiter what time of drinks you like and they will make one special for you.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My experience here was very positive! The space: the restaurant itself was very cute and trendy, I loved the lighting and the velvet chairs. I\'m taking one star off because the tables were so low! I know that\'s part of the "mezze vibe" but I had to hunch over and I felt like I should be sitting on the floor. The windows were appreciated and the lighting was perfect. The service: very good, no complaints.The drinks: amazing bar. I had the best French 75 of my life.The food: we got the blooming cauliflower and the rainbow. I really enjoyed the cauliflower although I thought it needed salt, and had to ask the waitress for some. The rainbow was also very good. The pita was amazing, but we still felt like everything needed salt. Once we added some, we were completely satisfied. The only thing we didn\'t care for was the labneh, there was just too much and we agreed that that space could have been used for a different dish.Overall we enjoyed our meal here and will probably come back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited the Forge with my friend for drinks and appetizers. It is a lovely atmosphere. We sat at the bar but the other options were a few high top tables or plush couches/chairs! Definitely gives off more of a bar/apps restaurant than full dinner given the lack of traditional tables. It'd be a great place to grab a drink & app before dinner. We ended up just dining there and felt very full and very happy! I ordered the Summer Storm cocktail and it was delicious! Definitely had a beet flavor but not too sweet. Very refreshing. My friend and I shared the rainbow salad and it was DELISH! A good amount of pitas for 2 people and plenty of sides. That was our main meal and it was perfect for 2. If you are as an app to the main meal, it could feed closer to 3 people. In my opinion! Definitely will be back for amazing cocktails and to try their pizza & tapas.The reason for 4 stars is that it was a bit warm in the space - it didn't seem like they had the a/c on. I got a bit hot during the meal!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food was also good. I would personally skip the cauliflower next time, there was just too much tahini on it for me. I would definitely recommend the Quattro Formaggi pizza , it was definitely garlicky. Also the peppers were amazing. All the drinks that I tried were amazing! The inside is a vibe. I loved the bar. Definitely a place to go for drinks. It is small inside so I would recommend making a reservation.  The staff was great!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Everything about this dining experience was just ok - not great but also not terrible.My favorite dish we ordered was the ahi tuna. That was good. Everything else (eggplant, falafel and rainbow spread) was just ok.The service was just ok as well. Nothing stellar but also nothing awful either. You can make a reservation through Open Table.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Neat atmosphere except for the early 80's playlist - Debarge and Paula Abdul are NOT cocktail lounge music.  Small plates were overpriced and fine but far from remarkable.  Drunken Mushrooms were just mushrooms in brown gravy with a touch of sherry.  Meh. The Works cheese charcuterie platter was good but for $32???Overall a pass vs so many better options in the same street.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Disappointed. The waiter & waitress was rude. I wasn\'t exactly waited on, but it seemed like the other "like" customers were waited on. I asked for the Frankenstein and it tasted like straight chemicals, so I asked for a Tiki Mai Tai. The bartender replied, "what do you want?!" I repeated a "Tiki Mai Tai." He made the drink and that one was also disgusting. Normally I just drink my beverages even if they\'re not the best but they were very gross to be honest. I asked him to make the drink with alcohol and apparently that was too much to ask. Upon checking out I asked for the check and to have the drinks removed. The woman working at the bard proceeded to throw the receipt and have an attitude. I asked the male bartender if he treats all of his customers this way and he went on about how my asking for another drink was an issue. I\'m not sure why I was treated this way, but I\'d have to say this place isn\'t the best. The pizza was also bland. Even if the service was better the food & drinks on their own would have the same outcome. I\'d hope this isn\'t discriminatory behavior towards ethnic people, but that\'s the vibe I got. Please do better with staff.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love mediterranean food and the added bonus of pizzas and flatbreads to the menu? Yes please!! This restaurant has one of the best hummus's (spelling?) I've ever had. Also I have a newfound appreciation for labneh. Like obsessed. My only complaint about the entire experience was that I didn't like my drink but honestly that's my own fault for trying something new even though I know I don't like beets and it was beet vodka. I just wasn't expecting it to be so beet forward!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So, I think The Forge was closed to the public today for my job\'s holiday party, but regardless I\'ll be back.  The cocktails are amazing, both mixologists/ bartenders were great (I really want to try and riff on the "Naughty Toddy" cocktail) . The food was amazing, from the chicken skewers and falafel to the wood fired (be still my beating heart) pizza, everything was incredibly tasty. The mushroom pizza was my favorite and the warm cookies for dessert were great. The vibe and ambiance is great and super cozy. I can see how it might get a little loud, and parking, because Lawrenceville, I\'m sure can be dicey, but I had so much fun. If any of The Forge staff see this, thank you so much for hosting and providing food, drinks and immaculate vibes for a bunch of therapists for a company holiday party. It\'s much appreciated !', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Walked in around 9pm on a weekday without a reservation but easily located two seats at the bar. Service seemed short handed, the hostess was working behind the bar and things between staff seemed tense at times. Several small plate items were unavailable, but at the recommendation of the hostess, we ordered the old world falafel and were very impressed! We also enjoyed the seared ahi tuna and blooming cauliflower, with the cauliflower having a nice rosemary and salt seasoning. As for cocktails, I would recommend the Forge Loko, similar to an espresso martini.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The space is cool with mostly lounge seating and Turkish lamps. We got a resy for the bar area. In my opinion, they squeezed too many bar stools at their bar. It is uncomfortable to sit and eat there if the bar is full.We enjoyed our cocktails though they were on the pricier side ($14).With a name like The Forge and a big oven viewable from the dining area you would think that pizza would be the thing to get here. The pizza is just fine though. Not a really thin crust and no pizza bubbles. Kind of like what you could make a home. They also ran out of arugula.The seared ahi tuna had great flavor. I think cutting the tuna a little thinner would have improved the dish. The cute were a bit too rustic. The best thing on the menu was the golden oyster mushroom. We loved the batter they used. The sauce was also good with it. If I come back, I would be more interested in the Mediterranean dishes and small plates. Also, only dessert they have is tiramisu, which is a surprise given the theme of the place.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Last night my husband and I went here for a date night and it was fantastic. The space is intimate and beautiful, not too big and impersonal. The bar is gorgeous and the bartender was wonderful. We had the hummus starter, which was incredible and fresh !  We also ordered a Fun Guy pizza and it was amazing. The only tricky thing is parking. I would probably let Uber next time to make it easier.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Amazing food and wonderful people! Food was hot and tasty, well flavored and great cocktails.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The cocktails here are amazing! Crafted so well and they do change seasonally. The bartenders here are very good so if you're not sure what you want to drink they can help you think of something good to make that you'll love. The food here is Mediterranean small plates. It's a cool spot to come here for a drink and appetizer before your dinner or drinks after dinner. The vibe is lounge like with big upholstered chairs and dim lighting. It does get really busy, so definitely recommend making reservations before you go.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I enjoyed the decor and felt transported to another time and place with the bright couches and unique lighting. We were seated right away and the server was very friendly. I got the tahini eggplant and was pleasantly surprised as I never had anything like this before. The setup was for communal eating and we saw several large groups dining together.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Good food, drinks quite atmosphere not a typical restaurant with tables but more relaxed sofas and chairs. Overall great experience', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food is delicious and different, the ambience is chill, and the people are great!   The trifecta.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I stoped by the forge at 5pm on a Monday for a small business happy hour.  We sat at the bar and had a few cocktails and apps.  The food menu is Mediterranean themed it seemed.  We ordered hummus, a flat bread, mushrooms, seared tuba, and baba ghanoush.   The baba ghanoush was my favorite part.  The cocktails were all good.  A few came with flowers in them which was funny for 3 dudes drinking together.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Delicious! The Bianca pizza was amazing and the staff was very friendly. The atmosphere is very chill and chic. Again though the STAFF. So kind and helpful. Food and drinks were amazing. Loved the Halloween cocktail menu.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This was our second time at this Super cute restaurant and bar. Instead of traditional tables, they have comfy lounge chairs and small tables. Most of the menu is shareable. We got the 7 salad platter, one of the cheese and meat platters, the mushroom appetizer and a margarita pizza. The only item that was not great was the pizza. Good crust, but very plain sauce. The drinks are delicious. I got a bartenders choice with gin. Gotta say, I'm not normally willing to let someone else choose my drink, but it was delicious! Great atmosphere, great food, great service.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great vibe for date night! They have very comfy armchairs and a speakeasy vibe + some middle eastern undertones. Highly recommend getting the bartender's choice cocktails where you name a spirit and a flavor/vibe that you're feeling. I've had great luck with gin drinks here.Also good are the pizzas, falafels, and lamb kebabs.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I would give them 5 stars but their cocktail quality has gone down since the change of staff which is extremely disappointing. I love gin and I always got an aviation. But now if I get that or any drink with gin in it the flavor is just completely off balance. It isn't the same anymore. Just tastes like gin. I don't even want to finish the cocktail anymore. Other drinks I'm sure are fine but the standard has gone down a bit. I've always loved coming here. Awesome atmosphere, and one of the best pizza/cocktail experiences around. The food is great especially their choices of amazing charcuterie board. But the price is a bit on the higher side. I do like coming here but I think they need to work on keeping their cocktails competitive with other high class cocktail location", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The Forge was such a great experience! The atmosphere is loungey and great for a night out with friends, family or significant other. Service was outstanding- the chef even came around to check on everyone which is a classy touch. The food was unique and delicious. We had the golden oyster mushroom and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten. The feta feta bang bang pizza was amazing and the margarita was really simple but good.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been meaning to post a review here for the longest time. Have time now to do so. I've been eating at this restaurant many times since the summer of 2020. It has always felt safe with masking, distance seating and hand washing re Covid recommendations. This is the best middle eastern restaurant, by far in the city of Pittsburgh.  There are so many dishes that are the best I've had:  Yveline (sp?) flatbread with apple slices, guerre cheese, dried cranberry and baby shrimp;  Rootatolie a mixture of roasted root vegetables;  drunken mushrooms; and my favorite taste in the world: Babaganouge . The service is excellent. The chef and owner makes it a point to greet customers and make them feel welcome!!  I've eaten here alone and with friends and family at least 20+ times. Thank you all for this restaurant.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great food, drinks, and vibes. Chef is great. Get the BBF.  Will be back for drinks and small plates.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The best cocktails, service and food. Best falafel ever - including Israel.  Pizzas, flatbreads, ahi tuna - you name it - delicious!  Also vegan and vegetarian friendly', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great atmosphere and delicious food! Cocktails were amazing! Sat in the back corner closest to the front window. My favorite cocktail was the Perfect Storm, but Tan Lines and the Forge Loko were also delicious. The Mediterranean Mezze was excellent - all vegetarian and the pita was super soft and yummy. The Feta Feta Bang Bang pizza was a tasty combination of sun-dried tomatoes, feta, dates, arugula and spicy honey. The Blooming Cauliflower was also very good. Highly recommend for a date night.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We had a wonderful experience here. We loved the speakeasy vibe, comfortable seating and friendly service. We started with cocktails. I had a bourbon based concoction that was nice and hubbie had a good Montepulciano wine that the waitress recommended. For dinner we enjoy the "rainbow" platter which is an outstanding assortment of salads and dips along with some naan bread. The home made cheese dip was so good! We really enjoyed dining here and look forward to trying even more things next time.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My friends and I had the BEST time at The Forge. The food is great, the atmosphere is great, the decor is great, and the people are stellar. We had an early 5:30 reservation to start our evening here. We sat at one of the "standard" tables with a small couch and a chair for three of us. It is definitely intimate seating. All of the seating is plush, like swanky living room furniture. The whole place is painted black and very chic. Hannah was our server and was so lovely. She walked us through everything and gave us guidance when asked. We ordered the brussels sprouts, vegan shawarma, the roasted vegetable board, and the Fun Guy pizza with a gluten-free crust.Brussels sprouts - exactly as crispy and delicious as you\'d expectVegan shawarma - oh my god?? This was all of our favorite. The mushrooms were done so well and the pita pocket was just oozing with goodness. 12/10 worth the gluten risk for me.Veggie board - this is basically a pile of roasted veggies with hummus to dip. Delicious, but not exactly a board. Pizza - this was the most mediocre of the dishes. No complaints, just wasn\'t as full of pizzazz as everything else. My friends who aren\'t GF said they couldn\'t notice the difference with the crust.The drinks! Oh my word. I could have had everything on the menu. I had two different bourbon cocktails and my friends got the same vodka drink twice because they loved it. I have a hunch you cannot go wrong with anything on the drink menu. The best part of the evening was when we asked Sara, another staff member, for recommendations on where to get drinks in Lawrenceville and she sat down with us for a full 10 minutes and hand-wrote a list of spots up and down Butler St. Incredible. These people are amazing. This spot is very much LGBTQIA+ friendly. The food rocks.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'GREAT spot!! What a cool atmosphere! Love the comfy couches and chairs. Great spot to get some DELICIOUS cocktails. And the food!? Loved it! The veggies were delicious and the pizzas all looked so good. Will definitely be returning!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of the most beautiful bars in the city. The Forge is very unique. They offer amazing wood-fire pizzas as well as authentic Mediterranean cuisine. They also have a great bar program. Take a chance and ask for a bartenders choice. They will create you a drink to your liking. You won't be disappointed.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Went to the Forge last night with a group of friends and we had such a great time! The atmosphere was very unique from other places in Pittsburgh and reminded me of cocktail bars from when I lived in Chicago. The lighting was dim and the seating was couches or chairs with low tables. It was a comfortable vibe and a great place to go with a group!Our waitress Sarah was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and answered any questions we had. Almost everything was able to be made vegan for me and everything was great! We ended up getting the rainbow which was great to sample everything and share. I also got an additional hummus and falafel and they were both great! We are already planning on coming back again. I definitely recommend checking out the Forge if you are in the area!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Run, don't walk, to The Forge, now. This place is awesome! It's set up for perfect night out with friends. Gorgeous decor, comfortable high back jewel tone chairs and you feel like it's just your group. To eat, we had hummus, baba ganoush, charcuterie, roasted cauliflower, pizza (even gluten free crust!) and Brussels sprouts. There was a decent size wine list and a variety of fun drinks options. Everything was delicious. You would drive right past this place if you didn't know it was there. But trust me, next time, don't drive past!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My friend and I had a delicious vegan small plate meal at The Forge this evening. I am NOT vegan and still found everything delicious. I started with a beet infused vodka cocktail (which was interesting and very good) and finished with a really delicious "Bartender\'s Choice" cocktail (I had asked for vodka and citrus and/or floral). I would absolutely return here next time I\'m In Pittsburgh!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This was our first time at The Forge and won't be our last. The cocktails were balanced and delicious, and the food was fantastic! The Ahi tuna, hummus, falafel, cauliflower were so good! Great vibes, great service. We will definitely be back!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This review is for a visit during the 2022 winter restaurant week.This was my first time visiting The Forge and I was not sure what to expect. I made reservations on open table and got a high top since all the standard seats were taken. The aesthetic inside is stunning and fun. This is a great date spot.  Staff was amazing - friendly, kind and helpful. They were running very behind but gave us complementary sparkling wine, which was a nice touch.I can't wait to try this place again!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great cocktails (streetside is a recent one that is fantastic), wood-fired pizza, and small plates.  I suggest the rainbow platter which is 7 small Mediterranean salads/dips/stuffed grape leaves.  Pizzas are great but wish they changed the menu up.  The fun guy pizza is wonderful.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great vibe. Service was attentive but relaxed. Food was surprisingly good for a "cocktail lounge". Will definitely return!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We ordered takeout from The Forge yesterday for restaurant week. First the ordering process could not have been easier. We preordered online and chose our pickup time. When I arrived it was ready to go at the bar. Cute little restaurant! Can't wait to dine in post Covid! The food transferred well to home. We ordered the brussel sprouts, mushrooms, 2 pizzas (margherita and quattro formaggi) the baklava and chocolate mousse. Everything was SO good. I really loved the white pizza the best. I would definitely order that again. The poached egg on the mushrooms was an A plus. My husband and daughter loved the chocolate mousse. I think the price was a bit steep and that would be the 4 stars instead of 5. It wouldn't hinder me in ordering again though.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The lounge vibe here makes this a swanky hang out spot close to downtown Pittsburgh and to Lawrenceville. I've been here 3 times, sometimes with reservations and sometimes not, with parties between 2 and 6 people. It's never been too crowded but you should definitely call ahead if you want to secure one of the sit down spots with the comfy chairs. The servers and bartenders have always been very cheerful and helpful. I've had a few custom cocktails made and all were mostly good. I didn't like one that was in the trial or testing phase of being added to the menu and I was offered a free drink instead. This was a very nice gesture. They have a thoughtful wine list too which is nice. The food is great for sharing. The Rainbow easily serves 6. The red cabbage salad was my favorite here. The babaganoush was good as well, B52 is my favorite in the Burgh. The Israeli salad lacked acidity but it was fresh. Hummus was ok. Labneh was puréed, a unique preparation in my option. I would have preferred the whole brined cheese ball to spread on a pita with the salads. The grape leaves seemed a bit over cooked and also lacked acidity. Only 2 pitas are served with this platter. We made the mistake of ordering extra pita and it just kept coming out since we ordered other items that come with pita. It was funny, but I felt bad to waste it since we didn't bring any home with us. The tuna was not great the first time I ordered it a few months ago but it was excellent at our most recent visit. The everything-bagel style crust on the outside was delicious. Along with the avocado this is either a guilty pleasure or a healthy option depending on your personal feelings about nutrition. The falafel was not my favorite, although a good falafel is hard to find. The texture was mushy and fried like a croquette. I can understand that a lot of people might prefer this texture to the traditional soak and grind of the dried chickpeas which makes the falafel grainy. They were green inside at least and the other people in my group liked them very much.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We made reservations here while looking for a local Pittsburgh place for drinks and small plates after work. The vibe and atmosphere of the is fantastic and tavern-like. There are three seating options of the large chairs, high tops, and bar seating. The highlight of the menu is the bartender's choice. You let the server know which tasting notes and what flavors you desire in your drink and they tailor it to you which I think is a very unique way of service. The only downside is the limited food menu of either pizzas or small plates. During our visit,  we ordered a cheese and side board, we ourselves were not a huge fan of the cheeses but appreciated the presentation and varying flavors.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This can be such a great experience for anyone! The food is delicious and the friendly people who work there plus the atmosphere-will be a regular!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This cozy space with pleasantly scattered low tables and comfortable seating invites you to take time to enjoy the company of your friends. Excellent craft bar. The kitchen delivers brilliantly on the  mediterranean tapas menu and the front-of-house team is friendly and gracious. Very highly recommended.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'UM IF YOU DONT GO TO THE FORGE I WILL BE PERSONALLY OFFENDED :) But seriously! Their food & drinks are "straight fire," as the millennials say these days! My husband and I got down to the city for a quick date night and I\'m so glad he suggested The Forge.  He had been with a buddy and knew I\'d love it here and boy was he right! The drinks are unique and fantastic! The pizza tastes a little slice of heaven on earth, see what I did there? ;) And OH EM GEE if you don\'t get the Brussels as your appetizer you\'re doing it all wrong! Crispy, crunchy, salty goodness that somehow all work together to make these otherwise tough vegetables melt in your mouth! We will DEFINITELY be back to the Forge, because honestly besides amazing appetizers, pizza, and drinks, what else do you need in life? :)', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The Forge is a cute spot with an intimate air to it. My husband and I stopped by for dinner and all-in-all had a good experience, but really wasn't a total wow factor. The food and drinks were good, but cocktails could get a little pricy for what you got. Our waitress was obviously overwhelmed as she was the only one in the entire place during COVID era and it definitely reflected. We asked for extra red pepper, cheese, napkins, etc. and she forgot by the time she visited us again and we were so hungry it didn't matter by that time. Overall, a pleasant experience but didn't knock it out of the ballpark for me.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "What a gem! We have not been 'dining in' at all during the Pandemic, and we're looking for a place in that general area. It was very comfortably COVID friendly on the night we were there. The large windows/doors were able to be open with the unseasonably warm weather. There were only 2 other occupied seating areas, so we were comfortable dining there. The staff and setup was very socially distancing conscious-really wonderful.Now the important part: the FOOD! What a treasure of a place! It's small plate, (but not too small) which was fine with us. We got several things to share: a 'special' steak & sweet potato purée, falafel, goat cheese, pomegranate & other tasty topping flatbread and a 'side' of brussel sprouts.Our waiter was very attentive, without being overly so. The chef came over to ask how the food was--very nice, and he was genuinely pleased with our comments.We were there on a mid-week night, so takeout might be a better option on the weekend. That said, it's a lovely space. Beautiful sight line on the wood fired oven, and really lovely light fixtures.Not one item disappointed....awesome, awesome, awesome! I'd return at any time! I wish I had taken more photos, but I'll share what I have.  Hopefully many will enjoy this great place!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I feel like this place is quite underrated. Really lovely atmosphere inside with big, comfortable chairs. Another thing I loved was that it wasn't too loud or too crowded, so it was actually possible to talk to people which was great. I got the bartender's choice drink based on things I like (I said gin and citrus), and I really enjoyed it. Food was great - puff pastry,  labneh and pita, and stuffed peppers. It was all great, and the owner/chef himself came out to ask us what we thought which was nice.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Some of the best bartenders in the city! They'll whip you up a drink based on what liquor you like and it always tastes amazing. Their food is great also, but their tables and low, comfy seating make it a little challenging to eat their delicious pizzas. Still worth stopping in though!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A wonderful addition to Lower Lawrenceville. My friends and I came on a Friday evening and sat outside. The inside definitely has a nice mediterranean cool aesthetic, but it was a nice day out so outside was pleasant. The drinks were great! The food was amazing! We got a bunch of different plates to share. The hummus and baba ganoush was served with a super soft and warm pita that was phenomenal. My favorite dish was the drunken mushrooms, which had this incredible rich sherry flavored sauce served with a runny egg on top. The eggplant capress was delicious as well as the eggplant was nice and crispy. We also had a pizza to share which had a nice flavor combination of capicola,pineapple, chili. Prices are very reasonable as well. Overall, an excellent place to grab drinks and food. Hard to find a place that does it all, but the Forge does it well! Will definitely be back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great craft cocktails. I ordered the bartenders choice. You provide the bartender with your preferred base (vodka, tequila, bourbon, etc.,) and they ask what flavors you like and they do the rest. Nice chill spot. Only complaint is they close a little early. Right vibe to hang with friends.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is hands down one of my favorite places to enjoy an appetizer/dinner and a delicious creative drink. Great cocktail lounge! This is a small, family owned business that takes care of their community.Favorites: Feta Feta Bang Bang Pizza, Falafel, Countryside Cheese Board and Rainbow Platter!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Cozy and chic place to get wholesome middle eastern fare! I mean they ship their pita from Israel! We were a group of seven people and ordered ALL of the mini plates. They all blew our mind and we ordered extra falafels because you don't want to split those! Highly recommend this place and I hope they sustain so I can visit next time I'm in the city. And oh , orange and chocolate mousse cake was the perfect end to our soiree.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Attended a drag brunch and it was a great time. The drag queens were entertaining, the food was hot and tasty, and everyone had a great view.There are no stairs, so I was able to maneuver easily with my knee scooter.  The seating is soft benches or velvet armchairs. Servers were wearing their masks and patrons wore masks when moving about the space. The large windows were open for plenty of air circulation and it wasn't noisy despite being right on Penn Ave.The bathrooms were well-lit, clean, and had extras (scrunchies, lotion, face wipes, Bobby pins, menstrual products, mints, etc.)Looking forward to my next visit.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "As private parties go, I couldn't be happier!!  Zur and his team made my family event memorable with great food, awesome drinks, and a cool vibe atmosphere.  We will be back for dinner!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So appreciative to The Forge for hosting my small business event - the food is FABULOUS, the ambiance is all velvety gorgeous and chill, and the staff are flawless in their graciousness. I could not have asked for more. Thank you so much - we will be back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hands down the worst service I have ever had. Nice vibe, but nothing can make up for the complete and utter disregard from the service staff. Commenting on all the problems would be quite a feat so I'll share the top two most egregious issues.1. After waiting 32 minutes unacknowledged at the bar to order 2 draft beers the bartender served me 2 random beers. I asked which was which knowing they were not the beers I ordered. He admitted they were the wrong beers. He walked away, charged me, and then was profoundly rude to me when I told him that was ridiculous.2. The mystery beers were served with cold glassware fresh out of the dishwasher. A dishwasher that I watched him load, run, and promptly pull a glass from. So if being treated terribly is your thing, then maybe avoid this place for sanitation and public health reasons.In closing, horrible, don't go.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After a slow start, this place was WOW. We showed up for our 6:30 reservation on Saturday and had to wait alitte over 15 minutes to be seated. They were nice and apologized several times. This gave us time to checkout the menu. This place has such a cool vibe. Eclectic lounge seating with coffee tables create a welcoming and very intimate atmosphere. The dimly lit room has your eyes immediately drawn to the massive backlit wall of liquor behind the bar. We got seated in the back corner which got me excited for the wood fire pizza making on display. Our server, Sarah (sp?), was awesome -super personable and made sure we were having a good time. We ordered several cocktails throughout the night. All of them were pretty good and came out in a timely manner. I was personally more impressed with the food (probably because I hadn't eaten yet that day, and I was HUNGRY.) For 5 of us, we ordered 2 orders of the drunken mushrooms, 2 seared tuna, a braised brisket, a blooming cauliflower, an eggplant caprese, and then two pizzas - fun guy and Keith's pie. They thought we would need to-go boxes, but we were able to finish it all.Mushrooms: 5/5. They were tender, not mushy and the red wine cream sauce was sweet and savory. Would eat this like a bowl of soup. Can never beat a poached egg, which just made the sauce even richer. Seared tuna: 5/5. It was seared very nicely and the cilantro, ginger, garlic spice mixture was delicious. Someone in the group noted that this was the first time he's ever liked trying seared tuna (not the most adventurous eater, but still saying something)Brisket: 3/5. It was good and tender, just didn't standout. The fig sauce on top was nice. I get it's a small plate, but still seemed like a small portion.Cauliflower: 4/5. I really enjoyed this while others were underwhelmed. It comes roasted with yummy herbs and a tasty sauce drizzled on top. Very flavorful and comes with a light side salad.Eggplant: 3.5/5. This was definitely the lightest of the dishes and since it was the last of the small plates to come out, maybe why it wasn't as exciting. Don't get me wrong, it was still tasty and the eggplant was very crispy, it would've probably been better to have this one first.Pizzas: 4.5/5. Both were very good. It was fun to see the pizza maker in action and get it acouple minutes after seeing it come out of the pizza oven. Much more exciting than delivery! It was crispy, but still had a nice chew. Sauce to cheese ratio was good, a nice amount of toppings, and I liked how the cheese and sauce went all the way to the edges. The Keith's pie was a great take on a Hawaiian.This was my first time here and a few minutes into eating, already knew I would be returning. Definitely looking forward to coming back.Tips:Reservations recommended 2-hour time limit (depending on group size)Happy hours Weds-Fri 5-7pm", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came into The Forge the 2nd night it opened, and was really impressed by everything thing I saw. The decor was decorative, and seemingly cost. The warmth of the oven could melt you right into one of their colorful arm chairs.The wait staff was incredibly friendly, and speedy with requests. We got a few drinks which were great. One was a whiskey base, while the other was gin. Cannot remember the names off the top of my head. I also did not feel an ounce of judgement when I ordered the Hawaiian Pizza (Yes Pineapples belong on pizza). Overall I think this a perfect place to bring small groups to enjoy a warm ambiance, and have great conversation.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Stunning furniture, bar, and decor! Window was open on a warm day and enjoyed a few drinks as well as a Mediterranean platter and pizza. We loved everything! Staff was super helpful and kind.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came here with a few girlfriends for drinks and appetizers.  They are taking covid precautions seriously which I appreciated , limited capacity, tables well spaced and all reservations.  The service was prompt and pleasant.  The waiter helped us with our drink selections and helped us choose great options.  The cocktails were delicious!! We ordered the mezze platter and for 4 of us it was perfect!! This is a large platter with samples of all of the Mediterranean starters.  It's all vegetarian as well.  The hummus was good, I could not stop eating the labneh and the vegetarian grape leaves still packed flavor.Love the decor and lounge vibe - would definitely come back here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love love love this cute little place! It's fancy, yet a very casual and comfy setting. Great drinks. Great food. We had a platter, stuffed peppers and pizza! Everything was full of flavor and delish!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is amazing!! They have incredible cocktails and an overall nice ambience. My friends and family were blown away by the drinks and service from the bartenders, Caleb and Dani. I had an old fashioned... it was perfect.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food was great (mushroom pizza was the best), atmosphere excellent and staff were friendly.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I stumbled on this place while exploring Yelp, and once I caught a glimpse of the pictures there I knew I had to go. I would definitely suggest making a reservation, we went on a Saturday evening and they turned some walk ins away. The vibe is so cool, love the velvet seats and bold colors. The cocktail menu was decent, but I loved that we could give a few details of our favorite cocktails and the bartender would just make something for us. The food was delicious, perfect for sharing with a group! Everything we ordered was great. I would love to go back soon!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After searching for good places to go in Pittsburgh, I came across The Forge and I'm glad I did. While it was a little crowded for comfort in light of COVID, the food was amazing, very flavorful and fresh. Also, the ambience was lovely, the service attentive and the cocktail list was not surprisingly, excellent. I was also really impressed by the wine list, especially given cocktail bars don't tend to offer great wine selections.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The forge is special because 1) it is filled with couches and armchairs and nooks to have dinner in which makes you feel like you\'re being served in an upgraded home2) they have "ditched the boring 5-7 happy hour model" and have happy hour Tuesday- Sat from 10pm-midnight! Review: I really enjoyed the Forge\'s atmosphere, intimacy, and the server was very fun and offered to make drinks based on our preferences of flavor and alcohol (it\'s called Bartender\'s Choice) on the menu. Because of this, there are just 4 cocktail options, but we ordered 3/4 and loved them all. The street side was very tropical and an unexpected but lovely change in cold November when I had gone. Also props to the Left Hand Side! Instead of pizza we opted for the yvelines flatbread (brie, shrimp, cranberries) which was very much enjoyed around the table. Great place to switch up the vibe and opt for something cozy and fun yet upscale especially in the winter! TIPS: 1) go on a weeknight especially if you\'re a bigger group that wants one of the enclaves to yourself and to also take advantage of happy hour.2) if not, book ahead this place is popular and booked up', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I\'ve visited bars across the country as a cocktail enthusiast and unfortunately The Forge has been the worst bar experience I\'ve had so far.We walked in and were greeted with "There\'s no tables and the kitchen is closed". I responded with "That\'s fine, we\'ll settle with bar seating." Meanwhile, there was a table open during the whole time we were there and halfway through visit, we were offered food by a different server. As a Latino male wearing a t-shirt and baseball hat, I could not help but feel discriminated against.To add to the poor service, the drink menu was severely limited only having 3 featured cocktails. I will not return to The Forge.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great place for dinner and cocktails! The brisket, hummus and falafel were all amazing and paired with great service! Perfect spot for a date or dinner with your girlfriends to chat the night away! Loved the ambiance.. not too loud, just right!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The perfect dining experience! My boyfriend and I came here for my birthday, and we had an awesome time. The ambiance was lovely, chairs were super comfortable, music was discernible but not too loud, and the lighting was cozy without being too dark. We faced the pizza oven, which was fun to watch. We each ordered a cocktail and they arrived at our table quickly from the bar. Our server was attentive, sweet, and (most importantly) got everything right the first time without being overbearing. To eat, we had the drunken mushrooms and the Feta Feta Bang Bang pizza. Both were top-notch share-able dishes, & we felt very satisfied by the portions. During the reservation process, my boyfriend mentioned that it is my birthday, and our server brought us a BIG slice of tiramisu (on the house!!) with a little "happy birthday" sign on it. I was so surprised, and the dessert was absolutely delicious. Such a thoughtful touch. I went to the restroom before leaving and was further surprised by the excellent bathroom situation - menstrual products, dry shampoo, hair elastics, floss + breath mints out on a small table. I was floored. I wish I could give The Forge 10 stars, because they deserve it! I will definitely be coming back & will recommend to everyone who asks!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We were visiting from out of town and decided to come in for dinner on a Saturday. We were sat quickly and got drinks + the Rainbow appetizer, both of which were delicious. We also ordered the Four Seasons pizza, and it came out faster than any other pizza I've ordered before! The service was great from the hostess Lainey, our server Emma, and Alon + Caleb behind the bar were fantastic. This is a seriously great spot, and I'll be returning next time I'm here in Pittsburgh.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Celebrated our anniversary here and we could not be more impressed with The Forge. The staff was extremely kind and attentive. The environment is very cozy and warm. We were very pleased with the roasted veggies and hummus as well as our pizzas. The drinks were great! I got the bartenders choice and was very pleased with that they made me. Cant forget dessert, the triple chocolate mousse cake was to die for!! We will definitely be going back!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Every time I come here, I receive stellar service. The bartenders always make amazing cocktails - this time I got a bartenders choice. It was amazing!! Atmosphere is beautiful and relaxing. My friend and I split "The Works" cheese and charcuterie. Beautifully prepared. Definitely will be back again! Georg and Caleb make the bar experience in itself!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is such a fun new addition to Pittsburgh. I loved it so much I went twice in 1 week. The inside decor is super trendy, the staff is very friendly and the food and drinks are excellent, you really can't go wrong. I loved the hummus Sababa, it is a must have! The Bianca pizza is also delicious, it is baked in house in their wood fired oven. I was blown away by the feta bourekas, super fluffy pastry filled with feta topped off with this tomato sauce on the side. The Daveys pizza was also good, although probably wouldn't order again as the Bianca is my personal favorite. The brussel sprouts are also very good, although probably wouldn't order again because I loved the other dishes more. Now on to cocktails, their menu is really unique. I personally tried the jacks summer garden and the mi corazon en El Paso, both great! They also did a great job with con-tactlessness ordering, their menu is all online and there is plenty of space to allow for social distancing. In addition, they have outside seating!10/10 would recommend, can't wait to go back!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food is wonderful. And all the courses come out at once, even after we said to the extremely unfriendly staff on a News Years Eve that " Please don\'t rush it, we are early and have 2 hours at the bar on our reservation. Not one smile in the entire place. Totally unwelcoming. The atmosphere is " Neutral Negative" Almost resembling a used furniture store in Shadyside circa 1995, with the warm ..... or nothing.  nothing.  The food... wonderful.... The drinks..... not for the price. The service. Sub par and to put the SUGGESTED GRATUITY calculations after taxes at the bottom of your check, along with your 1 million other rules to confide by, suggests we will not be back and you\'re welcome for 20%', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very loungey. Music very low. Great to talk to friends and can actually hear them without yelling at each other over the loud music. Food was good. The service however was a bit strange. Waiter would squat to take our order to be at the same sitting level as us or sit on the couches we are sitting on to get our orders... definitely strange. Didn't know if I liked that or not. Otherwise food was terrific and drinks were ok.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Everything was great. Appropriate food for environment. Such a cool vibe. Cool and relaxing cocktail bar.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "What a delightful ambiance, pleasant staff, and those drunken mushrooms are off the hook yummy. Thank you, Zur, for sharing your mother's recipe with our tastebuds. If I ever have the opportunity to be in Pittsburgh, I will come and savor the food, decor, the inclusive atmosphere, and enjoy those sexy pendant lights over the bar area.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Forge was DELICIOUS!!! The feta pizza with honey was an unexpected gem. The drink were perfectly mixed with all sorts of yummy liquor and the staff was superb.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love this spot. Comfy atmosphere, sexy ambiance. We had the two pitas - Vegan Shwarma & Sabich. So much flavor! Both very super delicious and filling. We couldn't even finish!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Two visits in a row this restaurant waitstaff has looked at me like I have three heads when I asked for the check to be split. I would recommend mentioning it upfront if you're dining with a group. Brought a group of 8 for my SO's birthday and we all had to awkwardly recite our orders and drinks+who was together at the end of the meal as the waiter sighed under his breath. Also happened the previous time we dined there with a group of four and were the only people in the building. So it wasn't like we were pressing the waiter during a busy time. Super easy to please patron and I never leave reviews but this pushed all my buttons", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This place is the perfect spot to grab a pre-dinner cocktail with friends or to share some apps on a cozy couch!The ambience and decor is a 10. Super cool, cute and glam without being so fancy you feel uncomfortable and enjoyed sitting on a couch sipping a fancy cocktail.The menu is full of small plates which is nice for trying multiple things or sharing. We liked the rainbow platter which was a colorful sampler of mediterranean salads. The falafel was also good. Food was fresh and tasty but did not blow me away for the price and portions.I would go back for sure. Their pizzas sounded good as well.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We stopped here for an after dinner drink on a busy Friday night and chose the place honestly only because it was cold and we didn\'t want to walk far.    Some friends had previously had an extremely poor service experience, so we were already a little leery walking in.   It was off to a rough start, as we were told that all the bar seats were reserved and basically asked to leave in a fairly pretentious way.   On our way out, though, a couple at the bar said that they weren\'t staying to use their "reserved" seats and that we could have them, so we ended up staying.   It took a bit to get served initially, but then the service was better for the next round.   The cocktails and wine were all good.  There\'s a lot of lounge style seating, which looked comfy, but I think would make eating tricky.   Nice touches in the bathroom (a selection of feminine products, hair ties, dry shampoo, etc. for those "oh shit" moments).   Would I go back - maybe.  Would I pick it, probably not.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We were doing a stay-cation drive by when we spotted "the spot." Flavors were amazing. Vibe was on point. Service was chill yet attentive. We love discover the hidden gems. Highly recommend the Forge PGH...even though I want it all to myself!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Zur and his team at The Forge helped make our rehearsal dinner a wonderful, delicious gathering for family and friends before our wedding. He was easy to work with to plan the menu and very acommodating to guests dietary restrictions. And the drinks were delicious! Thanks again!!', 'review_rating': None}]