Information about The Zenith{"businesses": [{"id": "yPcAdikNrXEsfbHNBQUjkQ", "alias": "the-zenith-pittsburgh", "name": "The Zenith", "image_url": "https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/Lo477A3HWRCDL6GDRRvU_A/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-zenith-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 227, "categories": [{"alias": "vegetarian", "title": "Vegetarian"}, {"alias": "salad", "title": "Salad"}, {"alias": "vegan", "title": "Vegan"}], "rating": 4.0, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.426803, "longitude": -79.968973}, "transactions": ["delivery"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "86 S 26th St", "address2": "", "address3": "", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15203", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["86 S 26th St", "Pittsburgh, PA 15203"]}, "phone": "+14124814833", "display_phone": "(412) 481-4833", "distance": 1955.8075406751436}], "total": 3, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:French Toast,Bundt Cakes,Peanut Noodles,Noodle Salad,Vegan Cakes,Veggie Burger,
[{'review_text': "I'm not vegetarian and I don't really love buffets, but I really enjoyed brunch here.  Looking at the menu online, I didn't realize that you order something from the menu in addition to the buffet, which has a bunch of salads and stuff along with desserts.   I selected eggs, which came with a spiced rice that was really good.   Pricing was really reasonable and you can BYOB too.   I'll definitely be back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "What an eclectic gem! Love the decor inside. It's busy yet comforting. The food was very tasty. I loved the pepper steak, such great flavor with the tomatoes and onions! Even better, a friend and I ate here with two slices of banana cake (wonderful btw) for $31! C'mon where can you find that these days?", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I appreciate history and the OG vegetarian places across the country but my visit to the Zenith was a disappointment.The space itself is a strange but interesting combination vintage shop, cafe, and crazy Nana's house. This is a positive thing.Apparently there's a somewhat rotating menu. We had- Mongolian seitanCold peanut noodle saladBurritothe seitan was homemade strips which were fine but they were over under cooked brown rice and the only other thing in the dish was an overly generous amount of scallions.My daughter had the noodles as an entree and liked them overall but didn't rave about them.The burrito was fine but basic.We wanted to try one of the 5 or 6 cakes they had on display but they told us they only had one flavor available for some vague unclear reason. We passed. We were the only customers in the entire place which the guy working ascribed to the vegan fest taking the business that day.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Food was really good. I had the Buffalo hummus which was good but too salty. Then I had the chickpea sandwich and it was sooo good. I gave it a 4 out of 5 because of the salty hummus. The place was really cool. It looks like a thrift store. I'm not sure if the items there are for sale.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'They offer a great rotating menu, with their staple peanut noodle salad every week. Everything is reasonably priced and the atmosphere is great - there are tons of plants and it is a shared space of dining and antiques, so there is always something to look at and treasures to find.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'What a fantastic and unique find for vegans! Very impressed with this 19 year vegan restaurant.The food and service was great and look forward to returning each time I am in the Pittsburgh area.Staff was very nice and the decor is very unique and hard to describe.The food quality is good and there is nothing negative to say about this great place.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "On a scale of documentaries to romances, The Zenith is Alice in Wonderland. With an eclectic and thoughtfully laid-out collection of items sprawling from floor to high ceilings, The Zenith welcomes guests into an alternate reality. Walk deeper into The Zenith, and you'll arrive to the restaurant portion of the shop where they offer a weekly menu of Vegan and Vegetarian options. My partner and I ordered the Peanut Noodle Salad, Wedding Soup, Red Bean Tacos, and the Ratatouille. Every bite offered an explosion of flavor, and we were well pleased.Service was wonderful, but it's good to note that this is a more homey, mom-and-pop style restaurant. It's comfortable and intimate all at once. Pro Tip: Walk all the way into the back because they usually seat the far dining room before the mid-dining room.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "As soon as I heard of this place I wanted to go try it out but the hours never lined up with my schedule because I work nights and weekends. Until today finally I was able to try out this place with my sister. We walked in and it was the antique store when we first came through the doors. There are also couches you can sit on if you are waiting to be seated. We walked to the back and got seated immediately. The seating style is community style you can be seated with other guests since there are large tables. On today's menu there was a choice between savory more lunch style options and sweet breakfast options like pancakes. I'm never much of a sweet person for breakfast so I got the setian roast beef sandwich which came with a side of rice. The sandwich had vegan gravy on it and it was really good it was very flavorful, the setian was tender and perfectly made. The side of rice was packed with flavor as well it was also perfectly cooked not dry at all like I've had from other restaurants. I was so surprised by the buffet they had a plethora of food to choose from lots of fresh salads, veggies and fruit. Everything at the buffet was also pleasantly seasoned in its own vinaigrette or different spices which really made it exceptional. When we were done with our entree we got a small piece of cake that was included in the buffet. I got the chocolate coconut cake and it was so good it was really moist and the flavors paired well with each other. The coconut was not too much just perfect. This is a cash only restaurant I'm not sure if there is a atm on site. We also enjoyed browsing after we ate at all the cool items in the shop.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Definitely the most hipster place in Pittsburgh that I've been to since the east end food coop.  Fun spot, great little brunch buffet with one of the more unique displays I've ever seen. I love the mismatched plates, silverware, mugs, and decor who doesn't love a vintage shop. My only complain is that I felt a little lost when I entered, and when I ordered..  Also be aware that the tables are shared tables so you might be sitting with your next best friend you never knew before!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Zenith had the most amazing vegan brunch and buffet!!! And an amazing shopping experience with fantastic vintage finds!!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "If you're looking for amazing vegan food and an incredibly friendly staff, look no further!!! I look forward to driving out here to eat as often as I can! Nobody, and I mean NOBODY does vegan cake as well as Elaine does at the zenith!!! It's true what they say about the peanut pasta salad (vegan crack) too, it's irresistible!!! Be sure and get an order to go as well for leftovers!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is dreamy.  They have an incredible buffet, where everything tastes amazing.  They have bundt cakes that won't let you down.  They have a tea list that's long and varied.  I love taking people here from out of town, especially if they're vegan or vegetarian.  The interior of this place is a thrift shop, mismatched sets of dining, all kinds of crazy cool old art and junk that just make a beautiful mish-mash of an old antique home-y vibe. It's lovely and I can't wait to go back.On buffet days, if you don't come as a party, there's a chance you will sit at another table with other couples or singles.  It's actually a lot of fun!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was so glad I was finally able to visit this place. It is an antique store and restaurant combined. Each table is uniquely dressed and can accommodate a small group. Their menu changes weekly and I was pleased that they had a lunch menu. They also will hold events here such as a bridal shower or anniversary. Just contact the business for more information.Staff was very pleasant and explained everything to me. Their food is basically vegan but hey, it's all good! I chose for my lunch a platter that consisted of two lentil patties, curried potatoes, and apple chutney. This platter also comes with your choice of salad or soup. Today's soup was vegan chili.It too a bit of time to get the food but it was well worth it. My chili which I was expecting a cup was a whole bowlful! I saw people at a nearby table order a salad as their side and believe me it looked like a meal in itself.Afterwards I got the main course. Those lentil patties were so filling and so good that I could only eat one of them.  The chutney and the potatoes also were awesome!I saw they had brought out a cake earlier which was a vegan lemon cake. When I was done my waitress asked if I wanted a slice of it. Regrettably I had to turn it down since I was so full but it looked delicious! She told me the cuts on the cake were also generous.This place really gives you a lot of bang for your buck when I realized my meal with water was only $9.00 plus tax. I only wish they were open more  days of the week but to make up for that you get free two hour parking on Sarah St where the entrance is.This shop has so much in it that you can take hours looking around. Everything is for sale but I was just glad to finally have the opportunity to dine here. Zenith is located near the Southside shoppes. Although the address lists 26th St the entrance is on Sarah St.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': '"Oh My Stars" the buffet is back better than ever, food is yummy service great', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The Zenith is one of my favorite brunch spots ever. Not only is the food fantastic, but the restaurant doubles as a unique antique shop and there are tons of things to look at. If you have no attention span, you'll definitely be a fan!I've been going to Zenith for a few years now, and I even follow their Instagram account to peep the weekly menu. My favorites are their lentil burgers (best vegan mayo in town) and the almond pancakes. On my last visit a couple weekends ago I got almond French toast that came with some delicious, sweet blueberry syrup. The buffet is only $11.50 for tea or coffee, a buffet of cakes and different cold salads, and your choice of an entree. It's a steal for the amount of food you get. Also, who doesn't love a bar of cakes?Zenith is in the South Side of Pittsburgh, and if you are visiting the area it's a great place to shop around after eating. The antiques here are fun to look at and you may be able to take something unique home. Even if you don't adopt the vegan or vegetarian diet you'll leave here happy and full!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "When my friend suggested a vegan restaurant for brunch I was hesitant but she convinced me with the all you can eat salad bar and cakes. Came here on a weekend around noon for brunch. There's plenty of free street parking. The restaurant is attached to a thrift shop, you have to go to the back to put your name in for seating. It took about 20 minutes to get a table but there were plenty of sofas to sit and wait, or you can browse at their extensive collection of items in the store from clothes to jewelry. The brunch menu let's you choose an entree in addition to access to their salad bar which has hummus, fruit salad, Thai style noodles, etc, in addition to 5+ cakes they have on display and coffee/tea. All this for the price of $11. I chose the tofu style Philly cheesesteak and helped myself to a sampling from the salad bar. The sandwich I had came with this rice that was delicious. Honestly it was my favorite part of the whole meal. To top it off at the end, I tried various of their cakes. The winner was the almond poppy seed. If you're in the neighborhood, definitely come check this place out. You won't leave hungry, I promise.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Easter Sunday and my boyfriend takes me on a surprise brunch date. I was ECSTATIC when I realized we were going to Zenith. I have driven past this place, literally hundreds of times and probably every single time said "I really want to go there!"We waited in line for a minute and chose to seat with another group in order to be seated more quickly. No problem at all. We grabbed ourselves a coffee to start, had some water, ordered an iced tea and our entrees and headed over to the buffet. It was unbelievable how much food was there. With the $11.50 purchase you receive: a drink, the buffet and an entree. How cheap is that?! Here\'s a list of some of the items I had at the buffet and a description of how delicious they were:Peanut Noodles- this was most definitely my favorite item on the buffet by far. The cold noodles were so tasty and I couldn\'t stop eating them. SO DELICIOUS.Macaroni Salad- reallllllly good. Potatoes with a chimichurri sauce- SO GOODBroccoli with mushrooms- so good. the broccoli was crunchy and the mushrooms were juicy and packed with flavorVeggie Orzo salad- YUM. Again, packed with flavorFruit salad- fresh and tastySpinach & Strawberry Salad- Amazing. Do you see a pattern here? Everything was incredible. It was all cold items, and all packed with flavor. I wasn\'t sure how my carnivorous boyfriend would react to this place, but he and I agreed on every item we tried. In addition to the cold salads at the buffet, they had different bread options, as well as a desert table with pies and tons of cakes. I tried a lemon mint rum pound cake, strawberry vanilla pound cake and a chocolate almond one. ALL of them were so delicious. Was that all we ate? Of course not. In addition to the incredible buffet, you get to pick an entree. The list of options weren\'t too big, about 8 options. I went with the vegan lemon pancakes with strawberry topping. My boyfriend went with the vegan bbq seitan sandwich. I really enjoyed my pancakes- they were SO tasty and moist and just insanely delicious. My boyfriend wasn\'t as crazy with his sandwich- he ate it and liked it but thought it was a little dry. Both of our meals came with a curried rice, which actually wasn\'t super good, but it didn\'t matter, because there were SO many buffet items to compensate for it. The most random insanely delicious item we had there? The ICED TEA. It was literally the best iced tea I have ever had. It was just black iced tea, but it was so tasty and bolder than other teas I\'ve had. We were sad we couldn\'t take a pitcher home with us.In addition to the food, I LOVED this place because of the experience of it. Chairs and other decor hanging above your head while you eat, different colored rugs on the floor, pictures and other items all over the walls- it was so entertaining to look at everything. After I ate, I walked around the store for a bit to look at the clothes, shoes, jewelry and everything else they had to offer. Basically, I\'m obsessed with this place. The service was great, the food was unbelievable, the atmosphere was so fun... I am anxiously anticipating when I can return again! :)', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Despite being nominally vegetarian, the take out menu appears to be fully vegan, and I've gotten some nice meals the couple of times I've been.  Parking is kind of a mess on the South Side, so that's really my reluctance to come here (and Virdis) more often.  Inside is one of the most eclectic collections of vintage stuff (and I've been in an awful lot of such stores), as well as super nice staff - I got the impression that business has been slow though, and they may not last. But they did through in free cake, so win!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is one of my favorite places to take people who are visiting from out of town!The atmosphere is great! It's decorated floor to ceiling with vintage items that change seasonally.One of the best vegan spots in Pittsburgh! There brunch is a must try. You get to choose your main dish and then you have access to their sides buffet. Differently try the pasta salad!While their sides are always good there entrees can be hit or missed but honestly the buffet makes up for that short coming!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "You want to talk about a hidden gem, well this place is it! The pass 2 years my girlfriend and I have been doing a vegan diet and The Zenith is the perfect place to go to pig out on vegan goods!Our 1st visit there, I was surprised upon entry at all the antiques and what seemed like ancient furniture all over the place! Certainty a retro vibe going on, didn't mind it not one bit. As you walk through all the fun decors, you make your way to the dining area. Almost felt like grandmas house with all the fabric table mats. My girlfriend and I were quickly greeted by a nice waitress who took our order and insisted we hit the buffet! We both went with the pancakes! So good and tasty because it comes with this strawberry jelly on the side. Also, served with seasoned brown rice. Surprisingly, a nice combination of sweet and savory. Pancakes were great, but the real highlight is the buffet!This vegan buffet is the best I have ever seen! There is a mixture of noodle and veggie pastas to choose from, the peanut butter noodle (my gf's favorite) and they usually have a few different spinach base salads. My favorite had to be the pesto spiral noodle pasta with tomatoes and veggies. Hands down the best part of the buffet are the desserts! I have never seen as many vegan sweet treats in my life. This day they had; lemon poppy seed cake, hazelnut coffee cake(unbelievable) and three other cakes to pick from. I'm greedy at buffets so I tried them all :) What really puts a cherry on top for The Zenith for me, are the take home boxes! Each time we visited, it was close to there closing time. As it gets closer to time, the waitress will eventually come around and offer take home boxes for the guests still eating. Not only is that good to cut down on waste, but that means we get to take as much vegan goods home as we can! In case, you were curious, my box was full of cake!I recommend The Zenith for anyone who wants to try something different. You do not have to be vegan to eat here and enjoy good food. If you still aren't sold on the food or the wonderful cakes, they also have eggs on the menu! Go visit!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've read the reviews so knew pretty much what I was in for. Kind of like going on a roller coaster for the first time but knowing what to expect because you spent months talking to your friends about it.I thought the experience was pretty cool, perhaps ghoulishly cool.  We parked around the corner, and once we were on the street we walked right past it.  There isn't a sign or anything but because of all the pictures on yelp I recognized it just as I passed it.  We walked in, and right into what could be an art exhibit.  Or a garage sale, depending on your point of view.  Even the bathrooms are loaded with stuff.  Other restaurants that use pieces of Americana as decor are mere imitators of this place.  The Zenith is the real McCoy. Now about the food:  I was there on a Saturday, and had the wheat berry salad.  It was large, and filled me up.  It tasted good and I was pleased with it.  I will be back to try other items.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Well this place is amazing. Had brunch and everything was so good! My suggestion is order something sweet as your main dish because most things on the buffet are savory (other than the table of cakes that is). That said I had a Malkin Melt as my main, it was delicious and I don't regret getting it. All of the pasta salads are wonderful, the potato salad is a little different but very tasty, dolmas are excellent. The cakes and pie are superb - my favorite was the hot chocolate (the spicy kick was so good!).Go with an open mind. The vibe reminds me of another off beat vegan spot in Connecticut named Bloodroot, though this place has a feeling all its own. If the decor doesn't keep you entertained the random people you may be seated with will. Oh and the price can't be beat! All this for $11.50 is incredible.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I can't believe I haven't stopped in before! This is definitely my new favorite spot. I live right down the road, but today was my first time stopping by. Not only did I get a cute, vintage outfit for only $10, but I also grabbed some vegan, spicy penne pasta while I was there. I will be coming back all of the time!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been wanting to try The Zenith for years after hearing so many great things, especially about the brunch buffet. Finally made it here this summer and honestly, I was kind of disappointed. While I appreciate the restaurant/antique store combination and eclectic atmosphere, it just felt a little cluttered to me. When I first walked in, there was a large fan by the entrance, which I found was blowing dust around. In fact, a large piece of dust flew right into my left eye. It irritated me so much, I couldn't enjoy my meal and had to take my contact out. I know that happens so I didn't think much of it. However, I didn't quite enjoy my food either. The menu changes often, but I got some type of Polynesian burrito. The entrees come with the salad and bundt cake buffet. I must say the flavors of every salad were so similar to one another, and they were also very similar to my burrito. I felt like I was eating the same thing. I guess the flavoring wasn't all too bad, but when everything tastes the same, it can get a little old after a couple bites. I think next time, I would definitely like to check out the antique store. They seemed to have a large collection of very interesting antiques.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We were visiting Pittsburgh for a week and ate here 3 times. I dinged them a star because of no alcohol. Beer and wine would be nice.But besides that the place has wonderful vegan homemade food. I'll admit, it's weird when you first walk in because you cannot see the restaurant at all from the door. You're basically standing in a very crowded thrift store environment. I knew this ahead of time but it is still off putting. They are only open Th- Sun.Sunday brunch was out of this world! So. Much. Food. And a lot of desserts. Heaven.Also, I don't think they have A/C because they have lots of fans on. It was July. So don't expect to walk in to a refreshingly cool environment on a hot day. Just saying.I would go back here in a heartbeat!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Love this place. All vegan deliciousness. You get an entree with the buffet for a great deal. I had the seitan pot roast which was extremely tasty. Everything on the buffet was delicious, including the desserts. Sure made up for my last vegan meal. I highly recommend this cute, artsy place and will certainly come here again.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I flew all the way from Seattle just for the Almond French Toast!!! Everything in this place is unbelievably delicious and will keep you wanting to come back for more!!!!Service couldn't have been more professional, extremely clean and amazing decor!!Thanks for showing the world that vegan food can taste soooooooo good!!!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "It's been a long time since my family and I have been to Zenith, so we decided to stop here for a nice brunch on a chilly morning. The inside is really interesting, and there are some super cool antiques for sale. However, I come here for the food. I LOVE their vegetarian/vegan buffet. The chickpea salad, hummus, and the rice vermicelli noodle salad are my favorites. I also like their grape leaves, black bean salad, spinach salad, and cucumber salad as well. For only 11 dollars, you can get the buffet, a choice of entree, and a hot tea/coffee or just water. In addition, they have some IBC sodas and juices for an additional cost. For my entree, I always opt for the gluten free option, which is typically the curry chickpea stew. It's delicious, and it warmed me up on a cold January morning. But, my only complaint is that there are not any other gluten free options on the menu. They do not even have gluten free options sometimes. I hope that the team of chefs can work on providing more gluten free options- maybe gluten free pancakes? Gluten free bread? Other than that, I enjoy everything else about Zenith and would highly recommend their Sunday brunch!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I eat here because the buffet has a really nice offering however the actual brunch meals are getting pretty nasty. On the last few occasions that I have gone to brunch at the Zenith my  food has been bought to me cold or luke warm on one such occasion I send my almond French Toast back and asked that it pleased be warmed up. Today I ordered the cinnamon French toast and it was both cold and burnt. Such a pity that food is no longer served warm here. The cold salads are absolutely devious. I wish there was an option to pay $3 less dollars and just eat from the cold bar rather then paying for cold French Toast or Cold pancakes.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The best brunch deal in PGH!! $11.50 for an entree, buffet salad bar with 10+ options, and 10 types of cake and pie for dessert- ALL VEGAN. Plus bottomless coffee or tea included in that price!! The Zenith is a very cool funky spot, crammed with antique decorations (literally lining the floor to ceiling) so there\'s no lack of things to look at while you dine. The price is low because there are very few ~frills~ and it\'s not incredibly fancy food, but it is sooooo good. We got the "beans and greens" and pancakes for our entrees. Both came out lightning fast and were quite good. They weren\'t very large, but that was easily supplemented by many trips to the buffet. Zenith cuts the cakes into tiny slivers so you can try all the flavors and not feel too guilty. It was such a family friendly place, with lots of different types of people and a fun energy. After eating, we went and explored the vintage shop (really more of a museum) attached to the restaurant. I could have spent hours in there, and so will definitely be back to munch and shop more!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was in town for a friend's wedding and was looking for a good brunch place that would be vegan/vegetarian friendly (for me) and also have gluten-free options (for a friend). My local friend said she had tried Zenith for lunch and that it was awesome! She also said that the brunch was supposed to be even better so the three of us decided to go for Sunday brunch.What a funky, cool spot! The thrift shop upfront provided more than an eyeful as we grabbed our coffees and waited for a table. We were quickly seated and handed menus. I ordered the barbecue seitan sandwich and both my friends got the roasted portabella plate with mashed sweet potatoes and greens.Then it was on to the table groaning with all kinds of salads: fruit salads, grain salads, pasta salads, vegetable salads, etc. Wow, what a spread! I chose about five different kinds to try out and returned to my seat. Our main courses quickly joined our overloaded table. Upon taking a bite of my seitan sandwich, I immediately noticed how sweet it was. It had some spice to it, but the overwhelming flavor was sweetness. My friends took bites of their dishes and said the same thing. We then all tried our various salads. Good, but again, too sweet! What was going on here? Did whoever prepared the food have a serious sweet tooth? At least the cakes were good and sweet, as expected.The food was okay but not nearly as good as I was hoping for. My local friend said lunch was much better and was also confused as to why it was so different this time. Hopefully it was a one-time thing and the food is normally seasoned better. If not, stay away unless you love your sugar.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I've been hesitant to review The Zenith because it truly is one of Pittsburgh's best kept secrets and I want it to stay that way! You really can't beat their $11.50 Sunday brunch which includes coffee or tea, an entree, and a delicious buffet of pasta, noodle, and potato salads, bean dishes, fruit, breads, and SO MANY cakes. The best part about their food is that it's all vegan (except for the scrambled eggs) and their menu changes weekly. Check their Instagram to see the menu for the week.Apart from the food being insanely good, the place itself is super cool. You actually walk into an antique shop, and then the restaurant is in the back of the store. Take the time to look around, they have some neat stuff at decent prices! It's a really cool set up because you can spend time looking at the antiques if there's a wait. They seat multiple parties at the same table, so there usually isn't too long of a wait if any, and it's fun getting to chat with other customers.I would recommend The Zenith to anybody looking for a cool brunch spot, vegan or not. There's always something on the menu to satisfy everyone and the price really can't be beat.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I took my vegetarian friend to The Zenith when she came to visit after a suggestion from another vegetarian friend. THIS IS A GREAT DEAL. I thought I was reading the website/menu wrong when I saw that you get an entree, drink and a sides and dessert buffet all for about $12-13. The charm of this place is the environment. It is in the back of a antique store and basically looks like a huge dining room. Guests will fill up large tables, which affords you the opportunity to meet different people and have chats (if you want). The decorations are very eclectic, with each corner/section having a theme (e.g. Christmas). You order an entree (full on breakfast, lunch and brunch options are on the menu) and you can also get unlimited servings of delicious sides like hummus, pasta salads, etc. There is also a huge table of desserts. The Zenith is unlike any other eatery I have been to - which is pretty cool. Plus, it was approved by my picky vegetarian friend :)', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is a hidden gem tucked away in South Side. Doubling as a antique shop, the entrance can be miss leading but don't worry just walk straight back and you'll see a host stand.  I recommend going for brunch. For $11.50 you get to pick and item off the main menu and get an unlimited buffet full of a wide verity of foods from salads to peanut noodles to delicious bunt cakes. Usually they have around 6 different types of dessert cakes. Each one mouth drooling good. Oh and you get a drink such as a coffee or juice included. Crazy, right!? So this places is completely 100 percent vegan. Go for brunch to get the buffet and enjoy!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The buffet on Sunday is the only reason why I go here. The price is very reasonable and rings up to about $12.31 including tax. I really enjoy how I am able to choose from an entree, coffee or tea and the lovely spread of vegetarian side dishes for a low price. The food always tastes super fresh and the decor is so wonderfully kitschy. The service is a little slow and we had to wait about 20 minutes to get our bill.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'If I could give this place all the stars in the world, I would. Amazing place. From the food, the options, the location, atmosphere, service; it was amazing. I went here with a friend for lunch and ordered a hummus platter for an appetizer and for my meal I purchased the seitan Reuben of the week. Delicious. The service is also very hospitable and friendly. They even gave us samples of the cakes they were making (we were the only people in the restaurant). The whole place is very eclectic and very interesting. The restaurant is within an antique store but the overall experience is a must for all vegetarians, vegans, or those who like to try new things.Edit: They also have changing menus weekly, so keep up on their website for new items!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'YUMMMMMMOOO. food was fresh and homemade. great chat with the owners son. enough space to spread out and walk around and look at the fun and funky shop.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My husband and I decided to check out this restaurant based on the reviews and menu. The location is really interesting. You walk through an antique store type area before you get to the back restaurant area. It has a cool, unique vibe and the servers were friendly. Your meal comes with an entree and then you get to pick all the sides you want from the buffet. I liked all of the food and variety but I found that a large majority of the items tended to be overly sweet.   I think it would still be appealing to non-vegetarians.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The brunch here is amazing. I love that they take credit card and that the front is a giant antiques store. When you're sitting down and eating, it's like being at someone's house. It's very homey. Overall, the brunch entrees were alright. The vegan buffet is where the true shining star is. Everything from the grape leaves to the tomato and cucumber salad were seasoned so well and kept me coming back for more. The fruit was also so fresh and tasty.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'VEGETARIAN BRUNCH. Top three things to love about Zenith:1. Out of this world decor2. Elaborate veggie dishes3. $11.50I realize to the average bear that might not get you going, but breakfast has a lot of fatty meats in it (sausage, bacon, grits, whathaveyou) and it makes brunch a lot less fun when you don\'t partake in those items. Easily a vegetarian brunch could just mean a Comfort Inn Continental Breakfast. This is not the case. The buffet is made of couscous, broccoli salad, vegan cakes... Really 75% of what\'s going on those tables are raw and clean foods. Super healthy. I ordered veggie burger. Admittedly I was recovering from a doosie of an evening that my friend group called "Galentine\'s Day." At any rate, this was just what the doctor ordered. And all those veggies replenished my vitamin supply. It\'s regularly an antique shop from what I gather. It\'s very over-the-top, dancing on the line of creepy. Millions of angels, a few mannequins, and an oddly placed Santa doll later and you\'ve got the Zenith deco scheme. I dig it. It\'s a hidden gem just off of Carson Street and one worth making a trip to uncover. P.S. The coffee wasn\'t amazing, but Big Dog Coffeeshop is just a hop and a slip away to complete your Sunday morning checklist.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "One of THE most unique restaurants i've ever been to. The Zenith is an old art gallery turned thrift shop, turned restaurant with all vegetarian food, and a weekly menu that's never the same. I saw this place on Yelp and online and had to give it a shot. The side salad i had was top notch, as was the portabella  mushroom with mashed yams and an apple salsa. Worth a visit just to see the interior, but a delicious, filling, home-made meal as well.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Finally made it back to Zenith's Sunday brunch over the weekend, oh man did I miss this place! It was just as delicious and eclectic as ever. We arrived a little before 1 PM on Sunday and the timing was perfect. We first helped ourselves at the coffee station to a warm, delicious cup of joe. They have a nice little coffee station with tons of mugs, warm coffee and a selection of non-dairy and dairy creamers + sugars, where you can help yourself while you wait for your table. We then got seated right away at a table with another couple. Reminder it's communal seating here so if you're with a smaller group they will seat you at a table with other patrons. During Sunday brunch, for $11.50 you get the choice of an entrée, buffet access, plus unlimited coffee, iced tea, or hot tea. What an incredible deal! Typically they'll have about six entrée options including both breakfast (pancakes, eggs, etc.) and lunch (house-made veggie burger, pasta, etc.) options. Zenith is 100% vegan/vegetarian establishment, they just serve eggs on Sunday brunch and do have cheese & milk creamer as options. I used to come to Sunday brunch years ago but this past Sunday showed not much has changed - and I loved it! The buffet includes tons of varieties of salads, like an orzo curry, mayo-based macaroni salad, potato salad, fresh strawberry spinach salad, a black bean Mexican salad, chick pea salad, Asian peanut salad, delicious hummus, a huge tray of bread, plus an entire table of Bundt cakes and pies, just to name a few things!! I can't get over the deliciousness of those Bundt cakes - grapefruit & ginger, chocolate & vanilla, almond poppy seed (just a few standouts) - every single one baked to perfection.  Our waitress was so polite and very attentive, checking on us regularly and offering us fresh coffee refills. Our entrées came out very quick, everything was warm and cooked just right. I opted for the house-made chickpea patty and my boyfriend the French toast - I think I liked his better than the burger, but I will say, the fixins on the burger were SO fresh and just made the sandwich so tasty. Overall fabulous experience, first time for my boyfriend and I know we'll be back time and time again. Left very full and very happy.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The best part of Zenith is the salads and desserts that come with Sunday brunch. They have distinct flavors and combinations in all their offerings. The  worst part of Zenith is that the entrees are not always so good. They're innovative and interesting, but they're not always that great.I've had French toast and pancakes where one of the two pieces were burnt and they were still served. Two weeks ago my friend ordered a sweet and sour tofu rice dish that was 50% liquid. My chickpea sandwich was good, but the rice that came with was overly sweet and disappointing. The entrees are overall just not my thing. I wish they were but they're just disappointing.The service is usually really good. The food is also served within an antique shop (which is kind of their thing/shtick) but it's also kind of musty/dusty.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came by on the basis of a lonely planet recommendation while passing through Pittsburgh. Ordered the vegan toficken, the spicy peanut noodle salad and the green potato salad. Thorough disappointment. Vegan tofiken--patties were bland, about half an inch too thick and rubbery. Spicy peanut noodle salad--not remotely spicy but drowned in peanut sauce. Potato salad--passable but not enjoyable. The bag of chips and bottled cream soda were great though.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Vintage and vegetarian! This place was so great, glad I visited. I'm in town for work and stumbled across this gem. Quirky, offbeat, and authentic with good music. I had the tofu salad sandwich which was surprisingly tasting (think egg salad with apples and celery). Also, picked up a cool knock-knack and the generous owner threw in a book I liked. There was also a whole table of homemade cakes which looked so yummy.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I enjoy good food, and vegan dishes fall in that category. We went for Sunday brunch. The sundries tomatoes were delicious! I enjoyed my entree option, stuffed pepper, sooooo good. The buffet dishes were delicious. We shared a table with another group, they had to be some of the best strangers on the planet. We were lucky to have been seated with them. The front half of the restaurant is an antique store. It's a neat personality of a place.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Went here for brunch with my father for fathers day, he's totally a meat eater, but he's open minded sometimes. The food was delicious as always, I have the seitan and the girlfriend had the tofu salad sandwich. The brunch buffet has Peanut Noodles to die for! As well the spinach and strawberry salad was yummy! The environment makes this place even more awesome! We spent some time exploring the antique shop after we were done eating and it's reminds me of my great aunt Mary's bedroom, just filled with awesome trash.Overall please go to here for brunch on Sundays. You won't regret it, and even your non-vegetarian parents will fall in love.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was visiting my friend from out of town with another vegan friend, and she took us here for Sunday brunch. It is hands down my favorite place and I wish they had one in NY/CT! We got there early to make sure we could get a seat since the line apparently gets long. The brunch included an entree PLUS the brunch. That was definitely more food than needed, I would have been happy with just the brunch, but wanted to try the entree as well. So I tried to take tiny portions of the brunch food just to get a taste.The setting was super cute too! Very quirky and fun. The prices were a great deal too. I had to drive around a block for parking but found parking on the street. I hope to go back next time I'm in Pittsburgh!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So pleased now that I have finally tried this place. I am rarely in this area but now I will go out of my way to come eat here for Sunday Brunch. I had vegan French toast and it tasted like the simple and wonderful classic before Veganism. But the buffet did me dirty. The overwhelming joy consumed me as I ate all the different sides. There was some Asian peanut noodle dish kinda thing that really stood out for me. I'm still so full, probably won't eat til next Sunday so I can come back with an even bigger appetite.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Probably the best vegan place I have ever eaten!Zenith is located in the back of a vintage shop, which really confused me. After walking past all of the interesting, eclectic selection of things one could buy before or after a delicious vegan meal, you'll find the open seating area for the restaurant. They have unique decor that will keep your eyes wandering, and would certainly make for interesting conversations.The food is presented in a self-serve 'buffet' style. What can be frustrating is that things can run out, but their selection is so broad that you'll never find your plate empty less you've had your fill. Salads and desserts are incredible. I've only been twice and am always looking for more opportunities to take friends who have never been.Overall, a hidden gem that must be checked out, even if you're a carnivore!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very weird atmosphere, but charming. The restaurant sits in the back corner of a chaotic novelty/vintage/junk shop full of a ton of random items. The first thing that I noticed, that stuck with me through the night was that all the cloth textured items gave the restaurant a musky, hot smell. Like being in a carpet cocoon in humid weather. We had to seek out the small staff of husband and wife, but once we found them they were nice and attentive. We ordered the seitan meatloaf and stuffed mushrooms and both got the soup. Large portions, and the food came out quickly. The stuffed mushrooms weren't really stuffed as much as they were laying flat under a layer of rice and vegatables. The food was good, but not amazing. Seitan meatloaf and potatoes tasted like I expected. Gravy and potatoes is always pretty good. Mushroom and filling was flat.Good overall though! Soup was the best apart.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I stopped in for brunch with Laura Sunday morning and had a fun time at this unique shop and restaurant. I live nearby, but never stopped in since  i wasn't too sure of what i would order since i am not vegetarian. I've been missing out! The shop itself as well as the decor in the dining room is totally cool. Laura & I were seated with a couple who were very friendly and seemed to come here often. We learned from them that the menu changes often, but the buffet is often the same. The buffet had a mix of pasta salads, fruit, pastries as well as an entire table of bundt cakes. I sampled a few pastas as well as some fruit. I'm not sure what it was, but the pasta salad with peanut sauce was my favorite. Speaking of that, i wish they would put the name of  the pasta so we could remember it.. maybe even a list of what it consist of for example :) For brunch, i ordered the almond french toast. It was super tasty as well as filling. My order came with two large pieces of french toast plus a side dish of rice (or something along those lines) I could only finish one piece of the french toast, but then again i sampled 3 pastas and some fruit from the buffet. The brunch menu states no to go boxes so i assumed that was both for the entree and buffet. FYI: one flat price ($11.50) equals an entree and unlimited trips to the buffet. I'm sure I'll try the brunch here again since i live so close. It is also nice that the menu changes, so im excited to see what else is offered. my fiance is pretty open minded so he may like this place as well and he can tag along next time. We shall see.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place was NUTS. One of the coolest and mostly friendly restaurant experiences I've ever had. You walk through the vibin' thrift shop to get to the seating area, which is very large and contains an eclectic mix of seating and tableware. The menu was all vegetarian, which was SO cool, so I found it very hard to chose what to order (as normally I just chose whatever doesn't have meat). When the food arrived, it tasted wonderfully like a home cooked meal. If I ever return to Pittsburgh, I will definitely be bringing friends here!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love this place! Can't believe it took me so long to get here.Came in on a Friday night. It was empty, which, compounded with the antiques everywhere, gave an initial creepy vibe.  I would place the aesthetic right on the spooky/cute border. I dig it.The staff were extremely nice and attentive. Prices are very reasonable and portion size is great.I ordered the stuffed grape leaves and the seitan sandwich. In my opinion, I was taking a risk: eating grape leaves at a non Mediterranean place could be disastrous, and I'm quite picky about seitan.The risk totally paid off: the grape leaves were delicious, and the seitan sandwich was so good it's craveable. It invokes the taste and texture of a sloppy joe, with really great sauce and just the right amount of messiness. I know their menu rotates, so I'll be stalking it to see if the sandwich appears again.I finished my meal with raspberry vanilla cake. The cake was so moist and great, and they put a berry sauce on it (it had a funny name that I can't remember) that took it to the next level.In sum, a great spot for vegetarians/vegans and their omnivorous companions!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'So after reading all the 5 star reviews about Zenith, I had to stop in and see what everyone was raving about. I\'ll skip the part about how cool it is, the hipster ambiance, and how the inside is like an A.D.D. person\'s wet dream. That\'s already been hammered to death in all of the other reviews on this site. I should also state up front that I am a carnivore, Yes, that\'s right, I like to eat dead animals. But I knew the Zenith caters to the vegan nitch when I went in and I was all good with that. Lastly, I should mention that I noticed that most of the rave reviews on here are for the brunch menu. I came here around 5:00 pm and ordered from the dinner menu. The guy that greeted me had a friendly demeanor, invited me to choose a table and he handed me a menu. I chose the Curry Chick Pea Burrito mainly because it boasted "curry spices" and I have a palate for spicy foods. It didn\'t take long for my burrito to come and it was piping hot when it arrived. I cut it in half and took a bite and it was just there. I was hoping for the flavor to jump out but it was just a bland burrito. I asked for some Sriracha sauce which gave it some kick but I thought the curry should have done that. If you\'re a die-hard vegan I suppose this is the place for you. But if you\'re looking for a burrito, check out one of the many Mexican restaurants in the South Side that use beef.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wow!  It's A LOT to visually take in, but that's what makes it cool and unique!  Everything is for sale and if you are into the antique and nostalgic, it's a blast to browse through.  I'm sorry I'm an absolute clean freak and I personally was impressed by the level of clean all things considered.  The previous mention of dust, I gotta say it wasn't like that in the eating area and honestly not much in the shop either.  Now what I am always most concerned about... THE FOOD....Delicious!  The bean and rice soup was fantastic!  The jarkata wrap was mouth watering!  The combo of perfectly marinated and texture of the tofu, the peanut sauce and the touch of sunflower seeds and raisin - yummy!  Can not wait to go back for brunch.  The server was sweet and a pleasure to speak to.  Oh that cranberry and chocolate cake - OH MY...moist and delicious!  Not overly sweet and just perfect.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "An eclectic, funky place that is so cool!! I'm not a vegan but the place has wonderful food and great tea!!!! I highly recommend the Zenith!! BYOBand enjoy the decor!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good tasting food sweet people the atmosphere is extremely eclectic though kinda hit or miss. Feels like you're eating home cooked vegan meals in a antique haunted mansion.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came here for lunch - the ambiance and vibes were super warm and homey. I had their tortilla soup and side salad. The tortilla soup was good in the same way your mom, friend, or someone who isn't necessarily a professional chef makes food that feels and tastes good, if that makes sense. The side salad was pretty standard and consisted of raw veggies and a homemade dressing. Everything was super affordable. I do wanna come back to try the brunch here, for sure!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Carnivore here who tried it out. Went for brunch and was impressed with the buffet beyond words. Couple kinds of salads, couple kinds of veggies, couple kinds of pasta salads, orzo salad, and some suprisingly tasty vegan desserts. I had the black bean burger and have to say it's been the BEST alternative burger I've ever had in the city. Place was cool to look over and lots to keep you talking . I would tell anyone who asked me what the best vegan brunch in the city was at the Zenith. Super spot.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I actually can\'t get over it. It\'s been almost 24 hours and I\'m still struggling with the fact that I paid just $10 for this brunch experience. I say "experience," because it truly is one!  The front of Zenith is bursting with antiques from floor to ceiling.  Nothing life-changing, but a delightful assortment to peruse while waiting for a table.  We waited 40 minutes on a Sunday afternoon, but it flew by amongst the racks of vintage clothing, jewelry, housewares and hipsters.Our party of four was seated at a roomy 6-top that you\'d swear came straight outta Grandma\'s kitchen.  I had no idea what to expect from the brunch and was very excited to learn that we were given an option of one of many mouthwatering entrees AND the buffet.  I asked what type of food was on the buffet and I absolutely stopped listing when our server said "Well, we have a cake buffet..." A CAKE BUFFET?  I mean, why...haven\'t...I...been...here....before?!  Yes, a cake buffet; chock full of a variety of bundt cakes including Banana Chocolate, Raspberry Almond, Chocolate Coconut and just too many more to mention.  The buffet also included a salad section featuring peanut noodles, macaroni salad, hummus, potato salad and again - too many more to mention.  After stuffing my face with much of the aforementioned I received my entree of Seitan Gyro (vegetarian gyro).  It was fine, but I wouldn\'t order it again.  Let me be clear though - nothing WRONG with the gyro. It just turns out I don\'t love Seitan.  Also included in the massive $10 charge is your choice of hot or iced tea. I opted for the raspberry/peach iced and DAMN, it was good!  I liked the glass so much, I asked if I could buy it and they obliged, for the super-fair price of $3.  So, for $16 (including glass and tip) I walked out of Zenith with my fill of gyro, bundt cakes galore, delicious salads-o-plenty and a really big smile.  I can\'t wait to return!!!!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great place for Sunday brunch. My friend and I shared the pasta salad and a variety of pastries. They give you the option of the hot bar, ordering off the menu, or both. We had pancakes that were really good, pasta, and a ton of offers from the buffet. All very good! It is a little odd and you have to enter the restaurant from the front and walk through some weird items that look like what you'd find in your grandma's basement, but it's worth getting to the back and enjoying the food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Boy did this place give me the heebie-jeebies!!!  Talk about a real life version of American Horror Story.  You walk in and half-expect Jessica Lange to jump out behind the clothing racks on the side of the foyer wearing an old wedding dress and wielding a chain saw.Me and my reluctant, non-vegan boyfriend arrived here at 11:30am on a Saturday, just as they opened.  The front part of the restaurant is basically an untouched, vintage thrift shop from the 1980's.  There were racks of old clothes, household decor, and a randomly placed jewelry display case.  Once you rummage through all that old crap, you get to the dining hall, which smelled strangely enough like a vintage car burning diesel fuel inside of a closed garage.  The decoration was a hoarders paradise -  years of collecting old crap from the Goodwill across the street on East Carson.  The waitstaff, again, reminded us of American Horror Story.  They were slow even though we were the only people in the restaurant from the time we got there to the time we left (11:30-1), but had suspiciously cheery attitudes and made sure we had enough coffee...very suspicious indeed!The food was actually a delight.  We shared the Greek platter as an appetizer.  None of it was homemade, we could tell, but it didn't taste bad.  My boyfriend got the sweet potato burger which tasted like maple syrup, in a good way.  I ordered the curry chick pea burrito which was rich and filling.  The zenith of our meal was actually not being poisoned or tortured!  Food was good, environment was weird - 7/10.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Coming here is an experience. Set inside a vintage thrift store, there is so much to look at, I love the community seating, and it's a great value for $11.50.One thing I don't understand, however, is why they still offer an entree. I've been coming here for years, and notice that the buffet items are much higher quality than most of the entrees. Also, by the time the entrees are ready, it seems most folks have already filled up on the buffet, leading to a lot of food going in the trash. I really think it would be better if they focused on high quality buffet ingredients and left it at that.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had a delicious Sunday brunch.  Traveled to Pittsburgh with our oldest, who is vegan.  Great choice!  Delicious buffet choices, amazing desserts, excellent coffee. Friendly staff. We we seated at a table with a local couple and shared pleasant conversation. Eclectic setting. Parking was somewhat challenging for us out-of-towners, but our table mates helped explain the Permit signs for street parking.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Best brunch in Pittsburgh - vegan or not!The Sunday Brunch is the best deal around. For a low price, you get an entrée, buffet of delicious sides, and tea or coffee. The sides taste so fresh and are full of flavor. Also, the buffet has numerous bundt cakes of various types (my favorites are chocolate cherry, chocolate mint, and blueberry)! I would eat here every week if it was closer!The atmosphere is so unique and you will not run out of things at which to look. Service is prompt and friendly. Note that you may be seated at the same table as another group, but you are still able to keep your conversation to your party (unless you want to make new friends!).', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The zenith is easily the coolest restaurant I've ever been to.  The food is also fantastic.  I went for the sunday brunch - my god.  $10 for a main course and all you can eat sides.  The sesame cold noodles and 10 different types of vegan cakes, wow.  I had the tofu tacos - perfect.  I also had a bite of the ginger seitan - also delicious.  If I lived close, it would be a weekly haunt.PLEASE OPEN A ZENITH IN PHILADELPHIA.  thank you.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Amazing food and wonderfully eccentric environment! Definitely worth checking out the Sunday brunch, but make sure to get there early! We showed up at 10:30 am thinking we were super early, but there was already a line formed outside! I'm not a fan of being seated with strangers, but it was actually an enjoyable experience to meet new people and share information of where to find vegan food around the city. I will definitely be back for Sunday brunch again! I was so excited about all the items on the buffet that I had no room for the entree! The desserts are delicious!!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "came here for brunch and it was amazing! the seating can be communal if they're busy but i was alone anyways and the people i got sat with were super friendly so it worked out well for me. i got the tofishy sandwich and it was amazing. included with brunch was coffee, tea, and a little buffet of dessert cakes and other appetizer type foods. the front is a little antique type store that was super cute. eating here was a whole experience, i loved it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I seriously cannot get enough of this place. It is by far my FAVORITE place to eat at, and it is always my go-to when I want to go out to eat. Zenith was initially very confusing and strange on my first visit, as you walk straight into a vintage thrift store. Walk to the back of the building, and viola! Seating. There are two separate rooms for eating, all furnished with vintage tables, coverings, and dishes. There is no A/C, so be prepared for it to get a bit stuffy in the summer.The food here is awesome. Comfort food along with unique dishes make this a great place for vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters alike. Some dishes are more unique than others, and they rotate the menu each week. The Sunday brunch is a MUST if you have not experienced. For less than $12, you get your choice of entree plus an endless supply of savory salads, pastas, grape leaves, and CAKE. Seriously, probably the biggest reason we come back here all the time is the cake. I cannot recommend it enough. It\'s entirely vegan and they have SO. MANY. VARIATIONS. Spiced pear. Chocolate hazelnut. Chocolate peanut butter banana. Cherry vanilla with GIANT chunks of cherry. The list is endless. Brunch is a great way to try a ton of different flavors and find your favorite. The seating can be tight at brunch, and I recommend getting there early. Be prepared to share a table with people you don\'t know! Make some new friends and have some good conversation.Service here is always great. The staff is wonderful, we are always tended to very quickly, and many times they treat us to "extras" because the owners are so excited about the food/desserts they make that they can\'t help but share.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Long-time vegetarians have learned to be suspicious of buffets. What's okay for me to eat? Is there any meat lurking in that innocuous-looking pasta? A vegetarian buffet is like a dream come true. A vegetarian buffet (+ entree  + coffee/tea) for 10 bucks is a dream come true for a girl who just finished grad school and needs to find a job.Zenith, you're a dreamboat. The entire store and dining area is super charming with antiques everywhere. Even the water glasses are fancy. Bonus points for having water pitchers on each table. The buffet can be divided into two categories--savory and sweet. On the savory side, there's bread and an array of bean salads, pasta salads, hummus, and other vegetable dishes. Some standouts were the potato salad and the sesame noodle salad. As for the sweet side, there are 10 types of bundt cake, from Earl Grey with blueberries to almond ginger to several kinds of chocolate cake, and 2 kinds of pie.On top of that, I enjoyed my Tofishy--which was fried and breaded tofu on a bun with lettuce and tomato, and vegan cocktail sauce (vegan tartar sauce was the other option). Oh, cocktail sauce. I haven't had you in a long time, as you often contain Worcestershire sauce, and because I didn't know what else you could go with besides seafood. I didn't realize how much I missed you. Even folks less keen on tofu will be happy here--there are always more standard brunch entree options like pancakes, French toast and eggs. While I did visit on a big graduation weekend, which might skew the clientele a little bit, I feel like the mix of young, middle-aged and elderly people eating here shows that everyone will find yummy bliss at Zenith's Sunday brunch.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'There is a line to get in, so go early. Upon entrance you walk through the antique collectibles and there are lots of them. Soon you enter into the dining rooms, set up in the middle of shop. The tables are set with antique dishes. The menu is a small card on the table. You order an an entree and the vegetarian buffet is included. The flavors are absolutely amazing. This is a hidden gem. Assorted bundt cakes for dessert, at least 15 to choose from....help yourself to deliciousness.....', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I found spit in my food and a poo in the sink I can't believe I ate thereit's to munch money for that what a dump", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I visited the Zenith yesterday for Sunday brunch with fellow Yelper Chelsea S.  We'd been wanting to do brunch together for awhile, so I suggested the Zenith, since I knew it was near where she lives and I'd heard it was a really unique and cool brunch venue.  Although neither of us are vegetarian or had tried a vegetarian brunch before, we're both game to try new things, so we decided to check it out.The first thing you notice when walking into the Zenith is the interesting kitschy antiques everywhere--including suspended from the ceiling.  Unlike the Beehive coffeeshop further down Carson St., which has similar interesting decor, it's my understanding that these items--as well as the tables, chairs, flatware, etc.--can be purchased.  I'm not sure of the range of prices, since I didn't inquire, though.The second thing that became apparent, which I didn't realize from reading previous reviews, is that parties of two are mostly seated together with other pairs (i.e., communal/family style seating).  That wasn't a problem for us, since our tablemates were interesting conversation partners, but if you're a couple looking for an intimate/romantic brunch venue, you may wish to look elsewhere.  If, on the other hand, you're game for meeting new people, by all means, check it out!As for ordering, the setup is a hybrid of a prix fixe and a brunch buffet.  All of the entrees, which change on a weekly basis, are the same price ($11.50), which also includes coffee or tea with unlimited refills.  (I had herbal tea.)  Once you order, you have access to the buffet tables, one of which focuses on salads and fruit/vegetable side dishes, and the other of which contains an assortment of bundt cakes.For my entree, I ordered the pumpkin pancakes.  I was expecting wafer-thin flapjacks, but they turned out to be quite thick, moist, and cakey--in a good way. This entree was proof that vegetarian fare can be quite filling!  I wasn't as much of a fan of the side dish that came with it (not sure what exactly it was), but it added some welcome savoriness.  As it were, my selections from the vegetable buffet table added the savoriness I needed to offset the sweetness of the pancakes.  They included pasta salad, thai peanut noodles (?), chickpea salad, spinach salad, a piece of bread, and some fruit, as well.  All of them were quite good, and also filling in their own right.  Finally, I sampled several of the bundt cakes (double chocolate, vanilla blueberry, poppy seed lemon, and orange lavender (?)).  While I enjoyed all of them, too, my favorite was the double chocolate, due to its moistness. If you don't have as much of a sweet tooth as me, you may prefer some of the other flavors, which were less sweet.I'm definitely glad that I tried the Zenith's brunch buffet, since it's one of the most unique brunches in PGH, for sure.  Even if you're leery of vegetarian food, I'd encourage you to check it out--I daresay you'll be pleasantly surprised!  And, of course, it was great to share the experience with a fellow Yelper (Chelsea S.), as well as our table mates, and make some new friends while enjoying a delicious brunch!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Don't let the vegan and vegetarian tags keep you from eating brunch at Zenith!! As an omnivore, I never leave brunch here feeling hungry or dissatisfied. Other reviews are correct, when you sit down you're given an entree option and then access to the buffet -- one of which is real eggs with romano cheese (SO GOOD, but the Vegan Blueberry Pancakes are also BOMB). If the variety of the tastes and options isn't enough for you, going to The Zenith just to look around is well worth it!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place was awesome! I had my doubts walking in, but it turned out great.Came for a late lunch or early dinner, around 4ish, so we were the only people in the shop. It's an antique shop, with a dine-in option. Though we didn't see people come in for dinner when we were leaving around 6ish, there were a couple of takeout orders.Had a wonderful dinner - ordered a variety of stuff, including soup, salads, and appetizers. Everything was super delicious! Afterward, we shopped around a bit and got some pretty cool things. I got a pair of retro Nikes for $20! An archaic, vintage shop with vegetarian dining. So bizarre but wonderful.Note, staff was very friendly!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fantastic vegan/vegetarian place hidden in the back of an antique shop. We went there for brunch and enjoyed the $10 entree/drink/buffet. Great layout on the buffet. Friendly service.Fast delivery of entrees.Great ambiance. Good music playing in the background. Cool antiques out front!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My mother was in town and we decided to check out a vegetarian restaurant nearby. I don't know if we went in the wrong entrance, as we followed the google directions to the address listed, but we walked into a old retro antique shop with the name of the restaurant on the front door, that smelled and the windows had so much paint and dust I wouldn't eat there if my life depended on it. It smelled like food but the place was so creepy we walked back out and looked for another entrance. After walking around the block for 15 minutes and not being able to figure out if there was another entrance or not, we decided to go to a different restaurant. They need to update their sign/entrance info. or if we were in the right place, do not go there. Definitely not up to health code. BTW there were mannequin parts with just hands or legs.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "As a meat-eater with a vegetarian sister and a vegan best friend, I often find myself searching for places that will satisfy both me and the ones I love. Let me tell you--Zenith is it! Best time to go is on Sunday mornings for their enormous brunch-y buffet!! Peanut sauce noodles, stuffed grape leaves, delicious green beans (how do they make them taste so good!??) and a huge assortment of cakes for dessert. You will not leave hungry! Just about everything is vegan and I do not miss the meat/dairy at all. All the food is full of flavor and truly tasty! The owner also get a special coffee blend from La Prima that is awesome. Did I mention this place is also an antique shop? As if it couldn't get any cooler, you can browse and peruse the extensive shop before or after you eat, or you can come in just to shop! I could easily spend a whole day in Zenith, shopping, eating, shopping again--and maybe then some more eating. Great place to take anyone who is looking for an out-of-the-box Pittsburgh experience.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This is an absolutely captivating (mostly vegan) restaurant within an antique store (or an antique store within a restaurant) and I loved whatever it is that they\'re going for. We made it here for Easter brunch. Zenith has to be the first (and only) place where I was almost a bit disappointed when our host told us our wait time would be only 5 minutes. They have coffee/tea for you while you wait on eclectic antique couches and their entire store for you to explore.. and I certainly would have enjoyed a longer wait time. Soon enough we were seated and our coffee/tea was refilled and we placed our entree  order. Their Easter brunch, inclusive of the entree, coffee/tea refills, a large buffet of salads, breads, appetizers and desserts is priced super reasonably at $11.50! The food itself didn\'t quite hit the spots for me but that could be just me. I found the almond French toast a bit too overwhelmingly almondy and the Seitan meatloaf not all that great. I was mistakenly served the portabello burgundy which I took a bite before realizing it wasn\'t my order.. and that tasted pretty good! I wish I\'d ordered that instead of my meatloaf. Almost all the items on their buffet were tending towards the sweeter side except the one pesto pasta salad and the hummus. That plus the French toast and sweetish rice-side to the French toast was way too much "sweet" for my brunch palette. I\'d initially loved the look of all those options on the dessert table but when it came time for dessert, we\'d had way too much "sweet" already in our food to be able to give all those dessert-cakes their due. I tasted the orange-chocolate cake and the raspberry-coconut cake and found them just about ok. The servers are friendly and polite. I\'ll go back to Zenith and try their other offerings..but I\'ll go back mainly to poke around their antique store while I do that and look around a bit more. There\'s a lot to take in and we almost missed the mannequin lying in a couch suspended from the ceiling above our table! Creepy... but also really cool! Gotta go back for more such interesting displays we may have missed on our first visit here.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Such a fun place. Restaurant with vegetarian and vegan options AND a vintage store wrapped in one. Decorations for the food part is so fun. Old and cluttered in a fun way, mismatched furniture and silverware. Delicious and well priced food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Wow,  what a disappointment.  After all the great reviews I can't help but be disappointed. The veggie burger I ate had no flavor and was a waste of money.  The veggie burger was more of a mushroom mess slopped together to look like a veggie burger. The service was lacking. The waitress did a lousy job waiting on our table,  she was slow and non-attentive and non-existent most of the meal. The price for the buffet was high compared to the quality of the food,  and I'm hoping lunch and dinner selections are better than the brunch. Save yourself money and go to Double Wide Grill?  Im sure you will like it better then Zenith.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I always take my non-vegan friends here and they love it. The service is excellent and they always remember us every time we come in. The atmosphere is so unique and no place I have been is really like it. It feels like you are in someone home and you are getting a home cooked meal. Very reasonable price for an all you can eat meal.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This place is the best for Sunday brunch.  Its a vegetarian's paradise.  There's so much to choose from on the buffet, and you also have your choice of a meal and tea. I had the spicy chickpea soft tacos when I was there last. Set my mouth on fire, but, luckily, I was able to calm that after devouring the crazy amazing desserts. This is definitely a place to take guests from out of town. One thing I dislike about the joint is that the seating is so limited, you're typically sat with other people that aren't with your party. So, if you're looking for a more intimate setting, at least for brunch, this isn't the place. Can't wait to try out their dinner menu sometime.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food is fantastic but I just can't get over the old things laying around; it feels dirty and moldy, I almost lost my appetite.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A vegan place in Southside with quirky (weird?) decor. I tried the chicken soup and tacos with refried beans. I liked both!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Quirky and fantastic blend of vegetarian / vegan homemade delights and a mesmerizing collection of eclectic antiques. Pittsburgh classic that really is a best kept secret. The menu is limited because of the boutique nature of establishment. Family run and fantastic creative items like the Tofishy Sandwish ( this is Tofu done amazingly right ) and many others. Vegetarian or Vegan and up for something not so cookie cutter? Try this spot. Saturday lunch or Sunday Brunch are also great times.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food is okay. Except the tofu. I can't even find the words describe it. Just not good. I'm used to a filler in grape leaf wraps. But i think i just got grape leaves. I liked the feta, and my better half loved the olives. Fresh cakes were being put out for display as we finished our meals, and a few in our party ordered some. This is as nice as I am able to get, I'm afraid. Presented with the bill, our five top were given a statement of hope from our server that we didn't want separate checks, and confidence that we would be able to figure it out. The check placed down, and plates picked up. And a wet, dangling shirtsleeve slid over my friends cake. From elbow to cuff. We could not divide the bill, our individual totals added versus the total written, was off by 4$. We asked for clarification, and we were given a revised, unseparated bill 4$ higher. With a name like Zenith, THE Zenith..I'll give it a chance again to live up to its name, and will revise my review.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Ten bucks on a Sunday for an amazing buffet AND an entree, yes, please.Look, I think it\'s simple: I ate here before bowling a perfect game of duckpins. Woody Harrelson also ate here a few weeks after I bowled. Ergo, Zenith is for "Kingpin"\'s. Eating here makes you stay on top of your game. It\'s game changing. Life changing, even. When can I go back?', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I am not a vegetarian by any means, but I'm pretty open minded on vegetarian and vegan food and have cooked quite a few dishes.  I have always had heard good things about The Zenith, but never had an opportunity to go.  Today I went, and it was everything that I thought it would be.  I went to the Sunday brunch and ordered the tofu and walnut meatball sandwich.  The buffet and coffee/tree comes with any entree you order.  The buffet hands down the best part of the experience.  They had really unique yet simple salad and pasta dishes.  The pickled cucumber/red onions and the noodles with peanut sauce were my favorite dishes from the buffet.  The tofu and walnut meatball sandwich was pretty good, but ate all of it except the bread because I was already half full by the time the sandwich came to our table.  The only downside is that you're not able to take your main entree home.  So I had to leave quite a few things on the plate unfortunately.  I can understand not taking buffet food home, but we should be allowed to take our main entree home if we can't finish.Besides that downside overall the place is fantastic and can't wait to come again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "So great!!! I'd been wanting to go for awhile, just based on the reviews and the tales that spoke of an all vegetarian brunch place with an antique store in the waiting area (my dream come true?). The Zenith lived up to every wild expectation I could have. They sat us fairly quickly considering we came during the busiest Sunday brunch time. Interestingly, we could've been sat immediately if we agreed to share a table with another couple who were regulars. The hostess explained some people love it, others would rather eat alone; personal preference! Excellent, attentive service. You order a main dish, which is accompanied by a buffet to the side with all the delicious side dishes you could want! Ridiculously quickly our server brought us out our entrees. I got the banana pancakes with syrup which was paired with an Indian tasting rice. Such an unusual, surprisingly perfect combination! I will admit the coffee was not good, but the rest more than made up for it!! I will absolutely be going on the regular.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I stopped by here this past Sunday with my wife and sister for brunch.  We were not originally planning on coming here and after having to call an audible we arrived shortly before 11 to find a huge line outside of Zenith.  It was large enough that I was concerned we weren't going to get seated in the first wave of people for brunch.  Having been here a couple of times before I knew that if we didn't make it into that first wave then we could be in for a long wait.  Thankfully we eventually did make it and were seated at a table for six.  Zenith is quite interesting in that they have a number of tables in the dining room but they are all communal tables and so they pack in as many people as they can.  As such the three of us ended up sharing our table with another couple and a regular.  The inside of Zenith is quite different than any other restaurant you have ever been to before.  The front of the store also happens to be a thrift/antique store which you can peruse either while you wait or after your meal.  That store happens to spill into the restaurant as well and there are numerous random items around you that are on sale.  On my most recent visit two of the more random items were a 4 feet tall cardboard cutout of Santa that I was sitting next to and then a couch with a naked mannequin on it which was high up in front of our table.  The bathroom that I used here was also somewhat creepy as it had hundreds of owls in it all of which were sort of watching you while you did your business.  All of this was mentioned not to say anything bad about Zenith but merely to point that it is different which ends up being part of the charm of Zenith.If you have never been to brunch here before you get a drink (coffee/tea/iced tea), access to the buffet and then a entree item all for a single price.  The buffet is where I think that Zenith really shines.  It has a large number of cold salads, some bread and finally a number of different cakes and pies on it.  During this visit I was able to try an array of different items and the ones that really stood out for me were the grape leaves, a green potato dish (sorry they don't have names or descriptions on the cold salad items) and finally the vanilla cake.  Where I think Zenith is less successful is their entree items.  On this visit I ended up choosing the homemade beefy seitan sandwich with lettuce and vegan mayo as my entree.  I don't know what I was really expecting here but it wasn't the shaved seitan sandwich that resembled a roast beef sandwich.  Even so I dove into it and I ended up thinking that the seitan in this sandwich tasted somewhat weird.  I have had seitan in many forms before and normally really enjoy it but for some reason this one just didn't do it for me.  Neither did the rice side that came with all of their entrees and was left by almost every person at our table.  With all of that being said I think that I chose poorly for my entree as I was able to try my wife's jakarta wrap which was really delicious.  It consisted of sweet and spicy tofu, fresh spinach, shredded carrots, raisins, sunflower seeds and peanut sauce with the tofu rightfully being the star of the dish.The bottom line for me is that I will head back here again in the future.  While I hate having to get here early and wait outside for brunch, I think that it is well worth it and that Zenith is a brunch place that every Pittsburgher should try at least once!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The zenith is a really hipster, unique looking place. It's also an antique store and the restaurant is almost hidden in the back. We came for brunch and got the TLT. The tofu is amazing!! The entrée comes with the entire buffet which includes noodles and different types of salads. There are also a variety of cakes which are really moist and tasty. It's nice and inexpensive, and a drink is included in the meal. Overall I had a great experience at this cute place.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My husband and I went to the zenith for the Sunday brunch, very excited to find a new place to eat for vegetarians.. the buffet was good but the entrees we ordered were sweet ! We ordered the stuffed cabbage and a wrap ! The desserts were okay !', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Other reviewers have described how unique and confusing the restaurant is located in the back of an antique store.  We were visiting Pittsburgh and were looking for a good place to get a vegan lunch.  Couldn't have done better.  We were there around 2:30 and there were 3 couples, all there for the first time.  Everyone seemed to devour everything that was ordered.  Good taste, good portions, reasonable price, unique experience.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Very specially place! Check the review first and then decide to visit instantly. It's turn out its a very specially spot, especially suitable for vegetarians!!! Although it's a little salty yet still delicious! Strong recommend tofu sandwich!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is a place I always come to knowing I will have an excellent time. Easily some of the best brunch in the city, and at a frankly insane price for all the offerings they have.Have coffee while you inevitably wait in the antique store that accompanies the restaurant - find weird porcelain figurines, dresses with the fiercest of shoulder pads, and practice your skills with an old etch-a-sketch while sitting on a couch that probably belonged to your grandmother.I typically go for the more breakfast-y options on the entree menu, and the only suitable word I can describe the pancakes as is dank - almond and lemon are memorable standouts. They do a lot of good things with the seitan and tofu dishes as well. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan but eating like this could maybe (not really) convert me.Most of the time I don't even have the stomach room for the pies/cakes by the end, but somehow I will find a way to taste something. I rarely leave this place without a well deserved stomach ache.It draws a variety of people, but definitely has a large clientele that likes to brag about how they come here every Sunday like they're racking up cool points. But it's absolutely unique and a must-go for anyone who likes hummus and peanut noodles.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The price of the buffet was high compared to the quality of the food. The French toast was cold and the rice tasted really bad. After ever bite it got worse.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Seriously, one of thee most unique places to eat in the Burgh!  Big thing here is, it's an antique shop that also has awesome vegetarian food!  So being a antique shop, they draw upon that for all their decorations in the dining room area.  It's like walking into your quirky grandma or aunt's house. The food could stand alone, without the antiques shop.  I ordered the lentil burger for the first time ever.  I can happily report back that it was absolutely delish!  It was HUGE and packed full of goodies (what I found out was, lentils, bread crumbs, potatoes, etc.).  The burger kinda fell apart after a few bites so I opted to eat with a fork.  No worries, it still tasted good!  It also came with a side of chips, but I opted out because of my lame diet and ended up getting a side salad.  The side salad acted more like a full salad, it was served in a tiny bowl stuffed full of fresh lettuce, peppers and grapes!  Since I'm a huge fan of tea I was also super excited to see such a massive tea list.  I choose the Almond Spice black tea and am happy to report it was super tasty.  Loved that it came out in a pot all for myself!  I love my own personal tea parties!The antique side is, of course, filled with a plethora of chachkies.  But there's many many treasures to be found!  I totally dug a couple of awesome 70's style dresses that inspire me to find some kind of 70's themed party (or throw one!).  I thought the vintage costume jewelry selection was awesome though!  It was a win win for me walking out of there with a full belly and a $12 vintage bracelet!  Don't be fooled, this place is legit awesomeness!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My new favorite brunch spot in the 'burgh!  It's all vegetarian, and sooo good.  Definitely worth waiting in the line that forms before this place opens up on Sunday.You pick an entree, usually there are french toast and scramble options--last time I went, there was even a BBQ seitan sandwich.  I went with lemon artichoke stew, which was heavenly.  There are also different herbal teas, juices, and coffee to choose as a beverage.The best part is the buffet line--close to 30 different salads (veggie, pasta, and fruit) to choose from and a whole table full of pies and cakes. The dishes are fiestaware and different antique pitchers and glasses from the Zenith's antique store.  The atmosphere is cute and kitschy, and you can buy any of the art on the walls.I will definitely be back for brunch on future Sundays, I might even try lunch or dinner here as well.  The Zenith is a great little place!", 'review_rating': None}]