Information about The Porch at Schenley{"businesses": [{"id": "Eg_M8eeu9SDEdbP7iUmVbQ", "alias": "the-porch-at-schenley-pittsburgh", "name": "The Porch at Schenley", "image_url": "https://s3-media3.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/f3l_GR-1VEnQc1x0i1g_lg/o.jpg", "is_closed": false, "url": "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-porch-at-schenley-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=dVZGCCMWV-y-bdohBtol-g", "review_count": 904, "categories": [{"alias": "newamerican", "title": "New American"}, {"alias": "italian", "title": "Italian"}, {"alias": "breakfast_brunch", "title": "Breakfast & Brunch"}], "rating": 3.5, "coordinates": {"latitude": 40.44283, "longitude": -79.95313}, "transactions": ["delivery"], "price": "$$", "location": {"address1": "221 Schenley Dr", "address2": "", "address3": "Schenley Plz", "city": "Pittsburgh", "zip_code": "15213", "country": "US", "state": "PA", "display_address": ["221 Schenley Dr", "Schenley Plz", "Pittsburgh, PA 15213"]}, "phone": "+14126876724", "display_phone": "(412) 687-6724", "distance": 591.541496650581}], "total": 2, "region": {"center": {"longitude": -79.96004104614258, "latitude": 40.44302502362728}}}Famous dishes of this restaurant include:Bianca Pizza,Veggie Burger,Eggs Benedict,Prime Rib Sandwich,Grilled Chicken BLT,Margherita Pizza,Breakfast Sandwich,Garden Harvest Salad,Quiche,Caesar Salad,Pulled Pork Sandwich,Pork Belly,Firefly,
[{'review_text': "For move-n day, this place was a well oiled machine, hustling their butts off taking care of the masses. We showed up around 12:30 this past Sunday and seated right away. Our server was over quickly to take our drink orders. He was obviously a student and for some reason neglected my daughter, took mine and my wife's drink order and walked away. It was pretty comical. The table also had no water glasses or silverware, but we know how busy it was and just glad to be seated right away. We asked for them and received quickly. I had the Salmon burger and it was perfect. Side salad that had a large nasty stem from what I think was rosemary mixed well in the salad. I almost put the entire thing in my mouth which would have not only caused some damage, but a real choking hazard. I let the server know at the end to be sure the kitchen was aware and messaged the company too so they can be sure to avoid in the future and they were super responsive to me and very apologetic. That was very nice to witness. Will gladly return on our next trip to campus in October.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I came here on a Friday evening earlier this month and put my name in for a table for 11 people at 6:23pm and they texted me 6:46pm for our table which is not bad for a group that large. They wouldn't seat us until about half our group was there.The food itself is pretty solid. Everyone enjoyed their food and had no complaints. The cocktails are just fine at best and nothing special and some tasted almost watered down - I would stick with beer or wine if you go here.We usually go here before or after we go to Phipps because it's within walking distance and it's convenient. We had Phipps tickets for 8:30pm and didn't get all our food until almost 8:20pm. The length of time between us getting our individual  items was so strange. The cocktails and beer came out pretty quickly along with my friend's firefly fries. After that, it took quite some time for everything else to come out, so much so that everyone in the group was getting antsy and hangry. Everyone finally got their food except for my friend who got a burrata salad that finally came trailing out afterwards. I informed our server that we had tickets to Phipps at 8:30pm and requested our check when all of our mains came out - we put all 11 people on one check to make things easier and faster. My friend ordered the bread pudding at the very beginning of our time there and it took so long to come out that we finally just asked for it to go. Our server, while very nice, did nothing to address the long wait times for our food and seemed to almost disappear towards the end of our visit to the point where we had to get up and go find him. I've gone here multiple times before and haven't had this issue so I'm not sure if it's because there was new staff being trained or if it was because our party was larger. I would come here again if it's convenient but not with a large party next time.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My husband and I came here when visiting Pittsburgh this weekend and now I know why there was a line of people waiting to get in 15 minutes before The Porch opened.As soon as we walked in, I fell in love with this place. The music, seating and friendly staff are all reason enough to come back...but the food absolutely blew me away! I got the avocado toast and my husband got the burrito. The portions were huge but we still ate almost every bite. (It was too good not to!) If I'm ever in Pittsburgh again, I will absolutely be back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love the vibes of The Porch with all of the natural light & a nice patio. They're currently under construction & making a 3-season patio so I'm excited to check that out! The Porch has a nice happy hour (4:30-6:30pm) and nightly specials. Wednesdays are one pizza & a bottle of wine for $30!My friend & I split the burrata salad as an appetizer. Our server was friendly enough to bring us grilled bread for the burrata (it doesn't usually come with that). It was great and would definitely get again!I had the Bianca pizza which was a combination of all of my favorite things (goat cheese, fig jam & truffle oil). It was good! The dough could've been cooked a little more in my opinion. My friend enjoyed her prosciutto and peach pizza. The Porch is easy to find in Oakland but parking is always testy lol. I was lucky enough to find a spot nearby but that's usually not the case.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I really like the Porch at Schenley. I came on a Friday night with my boyfriend and it was PACKED. Like I wasn't even sure we could get in, but they sat us right away. The vibe was casual and lively. The waiter was very attentive to our table even with it being so busy. I ordered the seasonal margarita for a drink. It was watermelon flavored and I was afraid it was going to be too sweet, but no. It was delicious and very refreshing! We shared the firefly fries for an appetizer and they were good! I would definitely order the fries again. For my main course I had the peach and prosciutto pizza. It was pretty good, but not my favorite pizza. It was very different with the peaches. I'm not sure if I liked the peaches on it though... still deciding if I am a fruit on pizza fan haha!All in all for the price and quality of the food and drinks, The Porch at Schenly is a solid resturant.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food is great. It's a nice change of pace to the fast food chains littering the rest of Forbes. There is ample seating, good live music, and a nice patio. Lots of variety and good specials just a little on the pricy end, and service is pretty slow.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The best place in Oakland! The atmosphere is open and inviting! Great place to take parents in town visiting, or go out with friends for a nice meal. The food is always delicious. You can't go wrong with the pizzas, the toppings change for each season but they are all delicious! The margarita pizza is simple yet perfectly cooked. The wait staff couldn't be nicer and always checks back to ensure you have everything! I got the French dip last time, and it was cooked to perfection. If you go for brunch the Bloody Mary's are my favorite in the city. The only thing I've ever ordered on the menu that I haven't loved is the breakfast burrito, it was bland. But everything else comes out piping hot and cooked perfectly. Great price point for the quality of food and the ambience offered.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Hard to find street parking, but quick to get a table! The avocado toast was very fresh and flavorful! The lobster mac was very light, but the flavors didn't mesh well together. The restaurant was very bright and very busy! The staff was bustling around and took great care of us. Can't wait to return!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "All pitt students have been here at least once because it's so convenient. I've been here probably several time and even when it's busy it's good! All wait staff I've had was very nice and fast. The food is always good. I did run into having sort of pinker chicken then I would have wanted when I ordered the sesame garlic chicken dish but I order is all the time and it's usually fine. I think all the food I've tried is good! The inside is clean and very nice and I always recommend this place.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This spot is always busy for lunch, and it's clear why! The menu is consistently changing based on what ingredients they have fresh & in season, and the food is really tasty. I had a chili chicken sandwich that was delicious - the sauce was sticky and spicy, the chicken was perfectly crispy but still juicy, and the pickled veggies added a pop of flavor. I also had their strawberry basil (non alcoholic) drink that was refreshing and flavorful...I easily could have drank several more. Both the food portions and dining space are large, and the restaurant has a big outdoor area for days when the weather is nicer. The only downside is that the service is very slow, so you wait for a while before getting your food, and the seat yourself style means that it can be tricky to find a spot appropriately sized for your group depending on how busy they are when you arrive & waiters never come back to check on you after dropping off your food (so if you need anything, you're kind of on your own). Even with that, though, I would definitely go back for a work day lunch!Food: A-Drinks: A-Service: C+Ambiance: C+", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Service was a bit slow, but it was a very busy Sunday morning so it's understandable! The food was delicious and I would definitely go back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My wife and I and My daughter and new fiancee all went out to dinner to celebrate engagement.The restaurant chosen by my daughter was The Porch.The staff where fast and very friendly.The porch is located in a beautiful area with benches outside to see the views.If it was not so cold we all would have stopped to spell the roses LOL.I ordered a beef dip which is also known as a french dip and french fries.The beef dip was really good not the best I have had but good.The only negative for me was that they did not have any Corona which is my favorite beer.I decided on a stella which was ok but not to my liking.Overall I liked the Porch and would recommend it to all.I would go back again in the future.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great service. All the sandwiches have an optional gluten free bun for $2 extra. And the buns held together, unlike some restaurants where the GF option is dry and falls apart. Very attentive waiter. Will definitely come again!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great breakfast. Reasonable price. Outdoor seating. Relatively quick service. Loved the quiche.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I have been to this location of the Porch before and had just been to the one at Siena but this experience at Schenley was sub par. I had taken family in from out of town who was visiting Pitt for potential admission. Anyhow we arrived and I come to find we have to order at a counter and sit wherever we can find a spot. Our food also took 45 mins to come and I ordered a sandwich and the fries were cold. I actually went inside because we were outside to search for our order. I'll give them points for a gluten free bun. There were also a lot of tables that needed to be cleaned and then birds were eating food that has been left behind. I am not sure if this seat yourself is a new thing and I am a little over it but if this going to be the case they could at least put QR codes on the tables.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Stopped by for a few quick drinks. They have a little outdoor bar area which was perfect for us. They always have nice ambiance and it was nice to just sit by the bar and have a few drinks. They have a small selection of draft beers, a few locals and I tried their blackberry mojito which was good. Still a little pricey but I still like the convenience of the location and ambiance.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I loved it. The menu isn't extensive enough and the drinks weren't quite strong enough for it to get 5 stars but overall, this is a solid place with good service, decent food and in a prime location if you're visiting your family at UPitt.I'm surprised this place isn't crowded every day. Then again, college students are usually broke. I'll be sure to steer clear on move out and move in days. On a beautiful warm day, sit outside! There's plenty of green space and the beautiful library in the distance. Inside, the restaurant is airy and bright. The drink menu is decent. You can find all the classics. I'll definitely go back to keep trying different menu items.The food is solid. I've been twice. I've had a burger which was delicious and a pizza which was very good. This place is a safe bet. It's not a foodies dream spot but its good enough to satisfy many types of cravings you might have.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I really like the porch for lunch! This place has great ambiance, and is located centrally at Pitt's campus. There is a lot of natural light and windows which is a big plus for me. During lunch you order at the counter and wait for your food to be brought to you, which can take some time. During dinner it is full service. Depending on how busy they are it can be a bit slow, but the food is always tasty. I particularly love the truffle burger, firefly fries, and the chopped salad.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Mother's Day brunch 2023...what a fabulous place to spend a sunny Sunday! We arrived right at opening and were promptly seated inside by the window where we could overlook the park. We started with some adult beverages and there was a free mimosa for moms (delicious)!! My daughter ordered the specialty peach pizza and it was delightful. It was not too sweet and a perfect brunch food. I had the sausage gravy with biscuits and only ate half because we started to see all of the tables around us getting skillets of cinnamon rolls and we didn't was to miss out. They were good. The only thing that we didn't like is that they were finished in the pizza oven and were a little crispy.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Decent spot to go if you're touring and visiting campus but honestly a glorified Panera.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I continue to be impressed by this restaurant. A  girlfriend and I opted for this tried and true venue for a gal's night out as a Superbowl alternative. It was Sunday, so parking was free along the streets bordering the restaurant. No reservations were required, but the place had plenty of patrons filling the ample space.  We were greeted warmly and seated immediately. Audrey was our server and the absolutely best server ever with her enthusiasm, friendliness, and efficiency. She informed us of a particularly inviting special dinner for two -- a Valentine's special for 80 dollars, which included choice of salads or soups, entrees, dessert, and a bottle of wine. We each selected a Farro salad (divine),  entrées of steak with asparagus and lobster Mac n cheese, Chardonnay, and a fancy chocolate dessert to share. All were presented so eye appealing and tasted wonderful. The steak melted in my mouth.On top of that, we had each ordered one of the drink specials before ordering dinner, one with pomegranate, one with champagne. Both were downright pretty and refreshing. Can't say enough praises to the chef and Audrey, our server. This continues to be one of my all-time fav restaurants, and in warm weather, there is plenty of outdoor seating, and the nearby gardens are fun to explore.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Atmosphere is very cute. Service was quick and nice.  Food was fresh and delicious. Brussel Sprouts and crispy taters  we're amazing!! Great watermelon margarita. Would recommend for a great dinner spot", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My husband and I are visiting from out of the area to celebrate his birthday. He picked this spot for a Saturday evening dinner. We had a tough time finding parking, which was kind of expected.Once we got in to the restaurant, we were greeted by a college-aged young woman who asked how many were in our party, and when we told her 2, she said it may be a couple minutes before we\'d get a table. Totally understandable- lots of folks were dining here too. So we stepped to the side so the folks behind us could get their name in at least. Then, a second college-aged young woman greeted them and asked how many in their party just as an older man came up and took them right back to be seated! No one asked us if we were helped or anything. Then it was another 5-10 minutes until the first young woman came back up and asked the next group how many folks they had in their group, and as she was doing so, the second young woman came back, so I mentioned to her before she grabbed another group that my husband and I were there before the last couple was and weren\'t seated yet. She then explained it was her manager that took that couple back, but that we\'d get seated shortly. No apology!We finally get seated and our waitress comes to get our drink order- I asked about sodas, then ask if she\'s aware if the root beer is caffeinated or not, and after I start to feel like I\'m getting judged and that she\'s not sure, but it probably isn\'t, I then explain due to medicine I take I cannot have caffeine. Only then she seems to take it seriously and says she will check that to be sure. (Turns out the root beer is caffeine free.)When we finally get our appetizers (salads), she drops them off to us without saying anything and proceeds to check in with tables surrounding us. My husband and I finish our salads before she even checked on us- in fact, she came to clear our salad plates and again said nothing!Funny thing is though, that when we got our entrees, I only took one bite from my way undercooked wagyu beef burger (which I ordered as a medium cook- check the photo, it was a lot closer to rare!!), she came and asked how we were/if everything was okay.As far as food quality- everything was just "eh". Lke I said, my burger was way underdone, they gave me onions even after I asked for NO onions, my husbands salmon was over cooked and dry, his salmon also lacked the maple taste, and my potatoes were over salted.A definite bummer- we were looking forward to dessert but ultimately decided against it due to how long everything took to get to us and because the dinner quality was subpar. We likely won\'t be back and won\'t be recommending to family or friends due to the poor customer service as well as the poor quality and attention to detail with our food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': '6 of us went on Thursday night 8/31/23 and it was excellent!! We all enjoyed our dinners.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I was exploring the area and decided to stop here for dinner! I got seated really quickly on a weekend night and tried one of their seasonal items, the chicken madeira pasta. It was basically pappardelle with peas/asparagus in madeira sauce topped with 2 chicken breast pieces. The pasta itself was cooked al dente and loved how it wasn't too thick. I always thought madeira sauce was a red wine mushroom sauce but their version was more creamy in nature, which I still very much enjoyed! Their asparagus pieces were nicely cooked, not mushy but not too raw. The chicken breast pieces were juicy and very well-seasoned! There was extra cheese on top of the protein. I also got a side of cauliflower gratin. Their take on it was roasted cauliflower with a layer of a melted cheddar sauce on top. The cauliflower was also nicely done - well-seasoned and cooked thoroughly but not too mushy. The Porch seemed pretty popular with the locals and the restaurant itself was pretty cute with the lights. It was spacious with lots of seating options (regular tables, couches, high top tables, bar side seating, outdoor). Food came out quick and my server was pretty nice!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': '- steak was a little dry and tough- taters were very flavorful and yummy- service a little slow when busy- semi casual dinner, lively atmosphere', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great location for summer brunch with a fantastic view. I recommend getting outdoor seating.Things you should know:I. PARKINGWe found plenty of available street parking in front of the restaurant. It wasn't stressful or a hassle. II. SERVICEAttentive. You know those hidden corner seats that usually get forgotten or neglected? Nah, not here. Our waitress remembered to check up on us. III. QUALITY FreshIV. CAPACITY No wait for a Sunday at brunch hours. Maybe we got lucky?", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Best burata salad I've ever had!! Pesto, tomatoes., pine nuts and fresh burata cheese. Also Morgan the server is awesome. Very attentive and funny.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This restaurant is great! I went with my husband on a Sunday around 5:30pm for dinner. The atmosphere was nice as you get to breathe some fresh air and eat outside. We were lucky it wasn't crowded. We were seated immediately but the waitress forgot about us. After sometime another waitress came to the rescue. She was quick and very friendly.We ordered The Fries as an appetizer. They were incredibly delicious!! For entrees we got the sea bass and basil pizza (Sorry I forgot the names.) The pizza was crunchy and flavorful. The sea bass was tender and wasn't dry at all. It also had a great flavor to it. The rice and sauce were good as well.The food was great. I highly recommend. Definitely going back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Came back here for the first time in a while and had a great brunch experience! They have lovely outdoor seating for the occasion, with a mostly-shaded patio. They don't take reservations but we got there right at 10 when it opened and had no wait for a table of four.The food is all very standard fare but it's tasty and very reasonably priced. We started with an order of biscuits, which were very large and far too much even for four people. Yummy though!I ordered the house omelette, which was lighter and came with greens and tomatoes inside. My wife got the chicken and waffle platter, which she quite enjoyed. Both came with a very generous side of potatoes. I know it's just potatoes, but these were good! Whole potatoes (not fake-looking home fries) served with a smoky ketchup that almost tasted like barbecue sauce.As a bonus, they set us up with a high chair for our 1-year old and let us order a very small scrambled egg for her. Overall a really nice brunch experience.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'This restaurant was situated in the middle of a lush green park, surrounded by trees and plants and the sound of birds chirping. The atmosphere was absolutely breathtaking, and it was the perfect place to relax and take in the beauty of nature.When it came to the food, I was more than impressed. The selection of dishes was varied and exciting, and I was able to find something that appealed to my taste. The service was also top-notch, with the waiter, Charlie, being attentive and friendly.Overall, I had an unforgettable experience here. The combination of great food, stunning atmosphere, and excellent service made for a truly special experience. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a unique and memorable dining experience.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Ask for Joseph! His service is always top notch. Requested this restaurant for my 23rd birthday while visiting family because their cornbread appetizer was unforgettable. They have live music on Thursdays and the veggie burgers are deliciously made in-house. Firefly fries are also a necessity when you order here.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I went to the Porch twice in two days in a row, the Porch truffle burger is undoubtedly the most fantastic burger I have ever enjoyed.Joseph is the best waitor I have ever met, he was impressed by my appetite and l was impressed by his service and his food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "When I came here for lunch, little did I know it was accepted students day at UPitt, so it was a mob scene.  To make matters worse, the restaurant operated quick service style.  In theory, you'd order and find a place to sit, but because of the crowds, we were stuck waiting not only for our food, but for table to sit at.   Plus, you could tell the waiters were struggling.  Truthfully, I think regular table service would have made the place way less chaotic.  Anyways, as for the food, it was good.  My chopped salad was a little boring, but I enjoyed it nonetheless.  And while waiting and staring at other tables' food, I can tell they have some pretty tasty sides.   Although I wasn't blown away with my own dish, I'd still return because the great atmosphere and location.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "loved this place! service was wonderful and had a beautiful modern exterior. the menu was fresh and had just enough choices, but everything looked amazing! i got the caramélisés brussels sprouts, which were delicious and perfectly crispy. the flavor was parmeseany and lemony, with the acidity of the basalmic adding in! the bacon added a good flavor too, but ended up making them a little too oily. overall, still some of the best brussels sprouts i've ever tasted, especially with the sugared lemon peel.the chopped salad was a good fresh juxtaposition, but overall was nothing too amazing. the mushroom pizza was so so good! it featured many kinds of more exotic mushroom varieties, such as wood ear mushrooms, which added a wonderful truffle like flavor to the pizza. the lemon ricotta was a great alternative to a mozzarella, and added lots of freshness to the pizza.overall, the clean environment, good service, and uniquely delicious food makes this location a great place to try!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food was fantastic and reasonably priced. This is a gem within the city of Pittsburgh! My family went for lunch, and all 10 of us (7 adults and 3 kids) were all able to be seated together, and all find something on the menu that we all liked! You order at the counter when you walk in. Then take your seat, and the food is brought to you. They provided high chairs for the kids that needed them, however, once the food was delivered. No wait staff came to check on us for drink refills. The vibe was pretty relaxed.and is very family friendly.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great little restaurant in the heart of Oakland. It was very busy at lunchtime but the staff kept up with the crowd. Everything on the menu looked wonderful. Can't wait to go back. Highly recommend this place.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is one of the nicest places in Oakland to grab lunch or dinner. It is usually at the top of my recommendations for this neighborhood in the Burgh. Their food is consistently delicious, but I cannot say that for the service. I've been coming here for quite some time and my only problem with this place is that sometimes it takes forever for them to bring your food.I would not recommend if you are on a time crunch or during lunch hour for this reason alone. This is also a great place to drop by with some friends for drinks or a date.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'An easy place for a casual meal.  Indoor and outdoor seating, varied menu with plenty for non meat-eaters.  My truffle grilled cheese with tomato soup was a great duo:  crispy sandwich and tart soup.  A very inviting place to hang out.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "After celebrating Pitt graduation on Sunday for my friend, we decided to try to find a brunch place without a reservation. Thankfully the staff at The Porch was extremely accommodating for our group of 7! I joined the waitlist on the walk over from Soldiers and Sailors, and the hostess was able to work some magic to put a table together for us under the tent outside. We were seated right away and served quickly as well! We all got some brunch meals and my friend had a tasty-looking gin fizz that he said was the perfect amount of tart and sweet. My husband got the breakfast burrito, which he found to be a little dry and not as flavorful as he hoped. I got the biscuits and gravy - the sausage had a lot of fennel, if you're into that sort of thing, and the biscuits and gravy were delicious. The bacon and the egg on top were a little overcooked for me, but still tasted great. I would say I've liked their pizza and dinner option a bit more than brunch - but honestly they did a fabulous job for an incredibly busy Sunday morning/afternoon on graduation day.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Alas! The Porch. A staple and pinnacle of Pitt-student-dom. Nestled in the renowned Schenley Plaza, this restaurant is one of many close to college students and professors alike that allows for both vibes and aesthetics when it comes to dining. The food is acceptable but there wasn't quite one dish that stuck out particularly to me. Overall if you're in the area and need quick sit down eats with vibes, The Porch is your girl.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Love this place! It's the perfect spot to eat, chat, and enjoy the vibes. Visited again with my girlfriend and we were fortunate to have outdoor patio seating for Saturday brunch.We ordered a peach and prosciutto pizza, eggs Benedict with salmon, and crème brûlée. As expected, the food was phenomenal and well-prepared. Definitely a recommended spot! My reviews don't do the food and environment justice.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We got into the area for a pre show dinner. My friend has been to the restaurant so we had some idea of what to expect. A couple strange misses we didn't expect. I started with the pear cocktail. Served in a pint glass, it mostly tasted like water. Whatever the mixer was overpowered the actual pear flavor. I've never gotten a speciality cocktail in a pint. Maybe a new bartender. We started with the beet salad only thing was, there were no beets. When our server got back to us she was happy to get us the golden beets and the salad was much better. Maybe a new pantry person. I had the truffle risottos with grilled shrimp. Delicious and exactly as I expected. The shrimp were bursting with flavor. We finished with crème brûlée. The brûlée topping was mostly soggy and not candied probably because it was done way ahead of the order. The strange missteps won't keep me from coming back. Really solid surroundings and the energetic pace. Check it out!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Not a fan of the counter ordering. They bring out your food to the table then disappear. No one checks on you. You can flag a server down to bring you something but that is if you see them and feel comfortable in doing so.Strawberry Goat Cheese salad sounded great on paper. However the warm goat cheese in a warm phyllo is 1) very hard to have to use your hands to break it open just to try to get some cheese on your salad. 2) its warm so the warm cheese against the cold salad doesn't go well with it either. Not very practical at all.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Always have a great time here. I typically go for one of their pizzas because the dough is so great but wanted to try something different last night. I had a hard time selecting but finally went for a few apps and they were great! I'll be back soon for sure!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'the food was quite mid, especially for the prices. the service was okay. there are definitely better brunch places in pittsburgh', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Let me start by saying that I regularly come back to this Porch location when I am in town.  I enjoy the area, the ambiance, and the menu options.  The food and service is consistently fair.  The company behind this restaurant owns another casual dining concept operated at a lower price point, and seems to run it similarly.  Management is more polished and present here, but still.... That is my opinion of where it is falling short.  With that said, check it out, have moderate expectations and you will have a good time and meal.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "A great spot! Love coming here in the summer and sitting outside on the patio! They don't take reservations and the wait can get long, but there's plenty to do while you wait, walk around Oakland and Pitt's Campus. When we were here in the summer we started with a bottle of Rosé and ordered the biscuits to start. We loved all the jams and the honey butter was delicious. The fish sandwich was pretty large, had a nice crunch and was loaded up with melty cheese. The salmon burger was also good, it was a little dry and I would have preferred more sauce. Overall everything was great and we really enjoyed our time there!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great spot for a bite when you're on campus. It's close by without being swallowed up in the mix of little restaurants and student hang-out areas. When I went, there was a good mix of older families, university faculty, and adult friends getting together to eat and shoot the breeze. There weren't a lot of people when my friends and I went around 4pm, so our food came relatively quickly. However, I'm told it can take a lot longer when it gets busier, so that's something to keep in mind. Our food was delightful - for the price, our portions were big enough that all of us were filled right up and needed take-out containers to bring the rest of it with us. Overall, we really enjoyed our visit and I'd always be down to come again!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We've been here a few times visiting the Pitt campus.Definitely a step up from the other on-campus dining choices. Food and service are very good. Only problem is they don't take reservations.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I used to come here all the time in college! My friend had her rehearsal dinner here and it was such a nice stroll down memory lane. I had Margherita pizza, tiramisu, and glass of Sauvignon Blanc. Everything was delicious and the service was great. Highly recommend checking this place out for a meal if you're in the area!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'A classic favorite for all locals, great pizzas and drinks with a lovely view of Schenley Plaza!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Do yourself a favor and grab brunch, lunch, AND dinner here. I've been coming to Porch for about 5 years now and somehow their food stays the same quality and quantity with delicious ingredients sourced locally and with care. The wait staff is always so friendly and helpful! It's certainly worth finding parking in Oakland to come and visit. I love their wood oven pizzas, their crispy crunchy potatoes, their amazing brussel sprouts, and their homemade donuts!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "My mom and I visited the Porch for dinner a few weeks ago. When we walked in, the restaurant was fairly busy, but nothing crazy. We asked for a booth and we were told that booths are reserved for parties larger than 2 people, but that we could be seated at a table that was a booth on one side and a chair on the other. We said that was fine. I just want to note that there were parties of 2 people in booths, so I'm not sure why we were told we couldn't sit at a booth (there also were open booths when we asked). Anyways, we were told they were going to wipe down a table and then we would be seated. A few minutes later another employee comes to seat us. We were seated in a back room directly by the fire. I mentioned that we were told we could be seated at a table that had a booth and chair and the employee looked flustered and confused on this request. We just said never mind and sat at the table by the fireplace. Our waitress came over and took our drink orders. When she came back with the drinks, she took our food orders. Our food arrived at our table at 7:15 pm. We ordered a couple of pizzas and a side of potatoes. After our food was delivered to us, our waitress did not come back to our table to check on us until 8:25. Not only were we done with our food and ready to go, we were also very warm since we were sitting so close to the fire. When our waitress finally came back over, she did not apologize or anything for being MIA for over an hour. I had to ask her for boxes and our check. That process took another 20 minutes. On our way out, another waiter commented that my cheeks were flushed and rosy and kind of laughed. Meanwhile, I was very hot because I had a sweater on and I was sitting by a fire for two hours. I've been to the porch before and the service was never spectacular in my opinion, but this time it was just down right ridiculous. I even took into consideration that restaurants are short staffed, but when I saw our waitress in the main part of the restaurant checking on other tables and talking to co-workers, it was evident that she had forgotten about our table. It had nothing to do with staffing. For this reason, I will not be returning to the Porch. I gave this review two stars because the Resturant was clean and our food was delicious.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "We were visiting my fiancée's granddaughter at Pitt-Oakland and she suggested this place. I had heard good things about it from others and was eager to try it.The food and service was good but nothing to rave about. But I have to comment on the crème brûlée; I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to this dessert, and this seemed like a crème brûlée wannabe. The consistency was more like pudding than what I think it should be. Bland taste and mouth feel and would not order it again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great environment with a good vibe, but very small portions for how expense it is...the price doesn't justify the food.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We\'re all wondering where our next Happy Hour will be, right?! I recently enjoyed a Thursday "Acoustic Night" happy hour at the Porch in Oakland. We really enjoyed the atmosphere, drinks & food! The Porch is known for their oven-fired pizzas, but have you tried the Brussel sprouts?! I loved their brussels - the bacon & orange peel and dipping sauce just take this favorite app to the next level.I\'d highly recommend checking out their Tues/Wed/Thurs deals on their website & the cocktail list which has a ton of variety!This meal was gifted to me, opinions are my own.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Shrimp Po Boy Sandwich is supremely prepared here. Great salad options, seating area is fantastic, Florida ceiling, windows surrounding it. Excellent location for a quick meal and catching up on business.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great restaurant in the downtown Pittsburgh area. The location and set up in Schenley Park is really well suited for casual dining with friends, co-workers or even a formal meet and greet. They have indoor and outdoor options with alot of space in both areas. Some of my favs about the Porch 1. No Reservations needed. We got a seat for group of 4 including a booster seat for baby very easy2. Food portions are excellent!3. High Quality food- i had the Thai peanut shrimp salad and a beef burger4. Specials on the day for some drinks/meals which your server will inform you about.I'm looking forward to another visit soon!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Such a pleasant place to eat dinner outdoors, even on a chilly evening in April.  I was seated next to the fireplace and the amazing Dave was my server.  I had the truffle burger and the roasted potatoes, both of which were delicious.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Fantastic location and delicious food in a lovely spot overlooking the park next to the library, museums and Pitt. Usually good service.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Amazing experience here!! The patio is so nice and cozy in the summertime, they have fireplaces and everything, and you get great views of the green. Cinnamon rolls were delish!! Server was also super nice :)', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Service was great, sandwich was good, salad sparse, pizza boring & cardboard-like.But wings were the big concern.  Wings were uncooked, unappetizing.  Needless to say, only had a bite.  The pink meat prevented me from eating anymore.  Surprised it was even served.  Not sure what they're doing in kitchen, but clearly not cooking their meals fully. Sad as restaurant that was once great has gone so far downhill.  I don't trust the food is fully cooked.  Sauce was very watery, not sure if it was prepared correctly.While sandwich was very good, I'm a bit concerned it wasn't prepared properly.  I now have trouble trusting the kitchen is paying attention to food safety given they served undercooked chicken.Not likely to go back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I love the outdoor seating area The Porch provides but our party sat inside. 4 of us had dinner at The Porch and really enjoyed it, the area where it's located is beautiful. We started our meal off with fries for our table which came with a nice smooth garlic sauce, tasted great. I ordered the chicken barbecue pizza and loved every bite. I also appreciated the dressings on the side for this pizza ie cheese and pepper flakes. For my drink I had the watermelon mojito which was yummy. My husband had the shrimp salad and found it was a meal in itself. I do find that the servings are large so just be aware we did carry leftovers. Can't wait to visit again.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My husband and son stopped by for lunch before walking to the library. For lunch you order at the counter and seat yourself, the willl bring food to table. However they do not bring you your water or silverware. The food was very good. My son likes the burger on the kids menu. They have a nice drink list, I got a espresso martini.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This is a solid place to get lunch if you're in Oakland and you want some space for a group.  The food is always decent and it's a nice location. It's a nice, bright space and the outdoor seating is great.  The food is never going to be blow your socks off amazing, but I've never walked away disappointed either.   It's one of my favorite places with large groups since there's something for everyone on their menu.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I ate here while visiting the university. I enjoyed the outside seating. Beautiful view. The special hamburger of the day was delicious. Perfectly cooked and flavorful. The side of potatoes was also very well seasoned. They have a nice selection of beers. My only feedback is that the food overall is a bit overpriced. $17 or $18 for a hamburger. $8 or $9 for a beer. I'm assuming this is because you are on campus and paying for that location and convenience. But there also  seems to be an extra added service fee on the bill too, even though you wait in line to order. For example when I went back up to order a beer, the $8 beer rang up as close to $10. This is more than a standard food/beer tax. By the time I left a tip, I had a $12 beer! Kind of crazy. But other than this factor, I recommend the restaurant.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Just had their crème brûlée for dessert with a margarita; David and Morgan took great care of me. The meatloaf was excellent too!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had the Thai Chicken Peanut salad and it was phenomenal! I also enjoyed a Midori Colada which was delicious. Would recommend The Porch to anyone looking for great food and a nice atmosphere.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'It breaks my heart to write this review, as The Porch used to be our favorite restaurant, but what happened tonight was so frustrating from a service and food standpoint. We came here to celebrate my husbands birthday, and right away things got off to a bad start when they seated our family of 4 at a table that was basically a thoroughfare to the patio dining area. People were coming and going and I had to nurse my infant and didn\'t feel very comfortable being out there in the open walkway. There were lots of tables open, so I asked our waitress if we could sit one table over so that we weren\'t in traffic. We had several open tables literally right next to us, so moving over a few feet would at least get us out of the way a little bit. She said "ok" but then just left. Another person approached me several minutes later and said that we couldn\'t move there because that section was closed but we could move across the restaurant to a window seat. We had just gotten my older son situated in a booster and our baby in a high chair and everyone was getting cranky and hungry so I said never mind. About 5 minutes later they sat another group in the section that was "closed".Then when we got our food we noticed the pizzas were considerably smaller than what we were used to. And my Margherita pizza was more of a basic cheese pizza....no basil or fresh mozzarella (just shredded cheese). We asked about the basil and our waitress said they were out of basil. This is something I wish they would have told us about because otherwise I would have gotten something else. I guess they were out of the right cheese too, or they changed the recipe but didn\'t update the menu. It was a bland, basic cheese pizza and not worth the money, time, and effort it took us to get our wrangle our small children here to celebrate a birthday. We don\'t have time to go out that much anymore, and this was supposed to a special treat. I\'m sure we\'ll give them another chance, but not anytime soon.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "This was one of the best burgers I've ever had. I'm a Pitt grad student, and this place was right next to my building. Pricy for a student, but I can honestly see my self coming here when I need a treat. The wagyu burger was delicious, but very messy. Just be okay with getting a bit dirty! The potatoes were great too. Nice strong drink. Yummy! Will be back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Fantastic menu and service!!! Our server took great care of us! Impressed with the fact that they have a garden and bee hives on the roof, doesn't get much fresher than that!!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Pizza was excellent; cornbread appetizer was also very good. Great ambience, which is obvious.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food excellent, service amazing! Definitely will be back!Convenient location by the college, great atmosphere.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'We went to the Botanical Gardens and wanted to get a  bite. We got there before 4 pm so some dinner menu items were not available until then. We ordered at the register and the food was tasty, freshly prepared. After 4 pm, the waitresses come to your chair side and wait on you. Happy hour begins then too. The ambiance is like rustic shabby chic with fresh flowers on the table. In cooler weather, there is a fireplace on the side. Some gluten free items available also.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'I have eaten here twice and found it a perfectly adequate place... nothing more, nothing less. It is a casual eatery that offers slightly elevated takes on things like burgers and pizza, which also happen to be the items I tried. I was not personally a fan of the burger. It had an odd, unexpected seasoning in it that I thought might have been cumin, and it didn\'t sit well on my palate. I politely asked the very nice male server what the burger was seasoned with, and he didn\'t know but looked kind of apologetic. Also, the burger came with these round potato balls instead of fries. I think they\'re described as "crispy potatoes," but mine were mushy and unappealing, and I wished I\'d had a standard side of fries instead.The second time, I had a margherita pizza and a salad that I split with one other person. The salad was unmemorable, and we thought the salad dressing probably came from a bottle. The pizza was fine. In a city with many pizza options, The Yard\'s pizza falls somewhere squarely in the middle of the pack. They serve it in a box with little pinches of oregano, parmesan, and red pepper on the side so that you can customize your seasoning. Kind of an interesting approach. Strangely, I found that the pizza was less appealing as it started to cool. I say "strangely" because I often like room temperature pizza (or even cold pizza), but this is pizza that wants to be eaten hot, in my opinion.This is a noisy and sometimes hectic restaurant, so prepare to speak loudly if you\'re there for conversation. It\'s probably a good bet for CMU students and Pitt students or people who want a casual bite when visiting one of the nearby museums.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Went here before heading to the light show at Philips conservatory! There was 8 of us, we got seated right away without a reservation! It was a Thursday night! The drinks were good, they serve pitchers of different adult beverages and bottles of wine. I got the sea bass and it was delicious! The lobster mac and cheese was great too! Our waitress was super friendly and knew the menu very well! They also have wood fire oven pizza. A few gals got some and they seem to enjoy it!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Last night we dined at the Porch before a Pitt basketball game, as we often do. I am always satisfied with the service, food, and atmosphere at this establishment. We started off with some drinks. I got the Lemon Rosemary Gin Fizz and thought it was delicious. The scent of the Rosemary really came through strongly. My partner enjoyed his bourbon smash as well. We got the Bianca pizza as an appetizer- it is my favorite. It's hard to beat the texture and slight char of the pizza dough here.For entrees, my partner got the pad Thai special, which had wonderful flavor. Something the Porch excels at is always doing well with the specials. They never seem like an afterthought and are almost always one of the best options available. I got the goat cheese and beet salad, with grilled salmon. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the salad was well dressed. My only complaint was that it was a little light on the beets - only 4-5 small pieces. All in all, we will continue to return to the porch for reliably good food in Oakland.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'its the time of the covid19...The porch is a winner when it comes to outdoor diningmake your reservation first easy outside seating well spread apart friendly service and delicious food I have been to the porch back in the olden days when you could still eat inside, I am happy to say I like their new ways even better.We tried them for a late breakfast a few weeks agoI like their limited menu and its on paper for one time usewe had biscuits with jam and butter they were so goodsalad with salmonnext visit we did a birthday dinner salads were right on good burger hit the spot drinks were nice we were very happy the waiter was right on top he was perfect in bringing us plates and a knife to cut the cake menu has salads burgers pizza and that day mussels prices are not cheapie this is a good place that is practicing covid19 safety there for I will gladly return', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Excellent food, drinks & service! What could be better? In walking distance of CMU & Pitt's campus.  Highly recommend!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My girls and I had a delightful meal in their outdoor dining "tent" on college drop-off day. Given our current COVID-19 days, I felt very comfortable out there and how the staff handled all of the logistics in a very responsible way.We weren\'t terribly hungry, so we decided to split a pizza and a burger between the three of us. The margherita pizza had a chewy crust, slightly charred on the bottom. The pie was simple (as the margherita style normally is) but had a delicious tomato sauce and came with small sides of fresh shredded parmesan, herbs and red pepper flakes on the platter / tray. The burger was char-grilled on a flattop and served a nice medium. The smashed, fried potatoes on the side had heavy sea salt on them and were crispy outside and fluffy inside. The accompanying ketchup had some sort of kick (maybe horseradish?) that went great with these "fries".The servers were a bit overwhelmed the day we were there, but seemed to take it in stride and provided us with very decent service. I\'ve heard they have a lovely brunch menu...might be worth a try next time in town.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Everything absolutely fabulous, though a bit too expensive.  And the company was exceptional!  @katherine Bunge', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The food here is always amazing! The drinks are phenomenal and the service there is even better! It's pricey for sure but a cute spot! I'm not a Pitt person either, but I'll drive across town for this spot!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "I had an unfortunate experience at a place I think could be awesome. Great setting and atmosphere; I loved the patio. However, our waitress was not the most attentive. It wasn't very busy so I'm not sure the cause of lack of attention. She had light brown hair in a pixie cut. A couple stickers on her server book. She never told us her name which is totally fine; I didn't like giving out my name when I served. Nowadays it's scary to give out something as simple as your name. Anyways, my friends & I got a table for 3. We ordered our alcoholic drinks, and all of us had our IDs in our hands holding them up for her to check. She wrote down our order and walked away without checking our IDs. It was just awkward, us having our IDs out ready for her to verify and she just....walked away. Not only awkward, but very much illegal. Hey maybe we look mature, but I'm 23 and my friends are 21. We should have been ID'd. Once she came back for our orders, we all had to ask if sides came with our meals. I said I would like the burger, and instead of her asking which side I preferred, she stood there silently while I asked if a side came with it. When our food came out, (wait wasn't long at all), my friend received Bleu Cheese when she specifically asked for Ranch. I did not receive my side of potatoes and had to ask the food runner if my side was coming. I never received the pickle spear that was supposed to come with it, but I did not want to ask the waitress for it because she did not check on us until we were all finished with our meals anyways. No two-minute check to see how our food came out. Honestly, it was terrible service. She never asked how our food came out or if she could get us anything. Waited for us to look like we were finishing up and took my plate before I was finished and could ask for a box. Did not offer a box, did not ask if I was finished, just took my plate away. Good food, if I had got everything together. Hopefully the establishment can keep their liquor license with such careless employees. I never leave bad reviews and I don't like to complain. However, I've been a server for 4+ years and I am disappointed to see the lack of effort from others in the same role.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The Porch has excellent, reasonably priced food, and has been consistently great since they opened. It's hard for me to deviate from their pizzas, but everything on the menu is solid. I like that you can order their pitchers in single servings or go with pitchers and they have a lot of both indoor and outdoor seating. Only drawback is that it can be difficult to find parking when the majority of students are on campus, but still a 5 star spot imho.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'My parents were visiting and wanted to go to the museum. We decided to grab brunch beforehand and every place we tried was packed with a very long wait. The Porch was very busy, but got us seated quickly and still managed to provide great service. I highly recommend "getting in line" on the Yelp app before you arrive to save some time! The food was excellent. Especially the house made ciabatta bread and biscuits. My parents and I would definitely recommend stopping by there before or after your trip to the museum!', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'The food is not good. The space is nice, the cocktails are large, the food is terribly overpriced and honestly pretty bad. Nothing is seasoned (ask for salt or bring your own) and everything is overcooked (even the rice was hard and barely edible.) Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Wild mushroom risotto was just not good. My wife and I are gluten-free so choices were a little limited. My son got the truffle burger and enjoyed it. Service was pleasant.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "The staff at the Porch worked miracles yesterday - it was Pitt's graduation day in Oakland and our party of seven was hoping to grab a bite to eat without a prior reservation. They were able to sit us outside under their patio tent at two high tops, and we were able to promptly order drinks and brunch. Our server was really friendly and efficient, and our food was produced in less than 30 minutes. On a morning when the Porch staff could have easily laughed and turned us away due to the business of the Pitt crowd, they were so incredibly helpful. In terms of food, my meal was delicious! I tried the chicken BLT sandwich and it was fresh and HUGE. The chicken breast was large and flavorful, and the veggies were bright and fresh. It came with fried taters, and they were crispy on the outside and pillow-soft on the inside. They were served with a house hot sauce, which was great! All in all, I'm just so impressed by their willingness to be flexible and kind to our group. I look forward to returning and supporting their staff!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Have been coming here for years and recently went for brunch before the Grand Prix -- was surprised by the lack of service we received & the food was not as great as usual. Their breakfast crispy potatoes were amazing, but the rest of our brunch was subpar.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Good spot but service is absolutely snail pace. No urgency. Food will not come out on time. Drink was good, but again, try to at least pretend to care about your customers. It is disappointing that we've come on 2 different occasions and the exact same thing happened. This time we ordered app as soon as we sat down and it still wasn't able to come out before main course. Also, expect to wait a solid 20-25 minutes for a second drink.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Eggs Benedict is great. Fig and Goat Cheese Pizza and Margherita Pizza are also fantastic. I always have to order a crème brûlée at the end of brunch. I love taking my friends here and they loved the burgers and calamari.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "Great pizza! Nice atmosphere.  Service was fast and it wasn't so noisy so conversation was easy. Would definitely recommend.  Look forward to coming back.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Came in on Sunday around 6pm and our party of 4 was seated immediately. The wait staff is very attentive and fast to get you what you need. I ordered the daily special of lamb bolognese with garlic bread. It was so rich, flavorful and filling! Loved the openness and ambiance of the venue as well. The restaurant has a view of the park.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Food& drinks are really good here as well as the patio area. We sat outside on a lovely cool summer day. I ordered the BBQ chicken personal size pizza ((big enough for 2ppl, packed the rest for home))-- had red onions, cilantro, pineapple, jalapeno, a little too sweet for me, but very good. Came with red pepper flakes, parmesan, oregano on the side ((as shown in the pic)). The husband had the Beef Dip AuJus- came with roasted baby potatoes, he enjoyed it. The bathrooms were clean. Worth it to experience this place atleast once.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great relaxed atmosphere to connect with friends and have some tasty bites and unique drinks', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "They finally opened up their outdoor seating again! They were quite busy when a friend and I stopped by for lunch, but our food came relatively quickly. We split a pizza and truffle fries between the two of us. The truffle fries aren't on the menu, but they'll serve them if you ask for them! Both items were delicious and came nice and warm. The pizza gets served with red pepper flake and cheese on the side as well.", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Great for casual drinks with groups of friends. Incredible covered outdoor seating areas. Good amount of vegan and vegetarian options. I wish the tabbouleh appetizer came with more food.', 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': "chicken & waffles with crispy taters from @theporchpgh the portion is kinda small but just enough for me! I enjoyed dipping everything in their PA maple, it wasn't too sweet - but the right amount that you can drench the food in and not feel disgusted lol  the butter is spicy - so I just got it on the side! the taters were super crispy & honestly one of the best I ever eaten!! :) came here to meet my elementary school classmates to catch up!! it is right on the lawn area between CMU & Pitt~ super chill outdoor vibes & a good walking distance restaurant to those universities!", 'review_rating': None}, {'review_text': 'Had the French dip which was solid.  Service was attentive and everyone at my table seemed to enjoy their food.', 'review_rating': None}]